Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://about.flipboard.com/privacy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: websites, policy, flipboard, request, collect, data, personal, services, privacy, information
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   Flipboard supports data privacy rights and is happy to provide our users with the following options:  Change or Correct Data: You can edit some of your personal information through your account, or, if you need help, you can contact Flipboard Support and we may be able to change or correct your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate or out of date.Erase or Delete Data: You can erase your personal information by deleting your account. Alternatively, you can ask us to erase all or some of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions.Object to or Restrict Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal information for certain purposes (e.g., if we have no legal right to use it) or limit our use of it for certain purposes (e.g., if your personal information is inaccurate).Access or Copy Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal information.  You can learn more about these options, or submit a request, by contacting Flipboard Support through the Help Center or by emailing privacy@flipboard.com. For security, privacy, or operational reasons, Flipboard may only respond to valid requests when required by law or regulation. If you are a California resident, have additional rights as specified below.   If you reside in California, you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please send us an email, or write to us at the address listed below. Indicate in your letter that you are a California resident making a “Shine the Light” inquiry. If you reside in California, you can make the following more specific requests in addition with respect to your personal information:  Access– You can request that we disclose to you the categories of personal information we collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information, the categories of personal information we sold or disclosed, our business or commercial purpose for collecting and selling the personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you over the past 12 months. California residents can make this request online by emailing us at privacy@flipboard.com.Deletion– You can request that we delete your personal information that we maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions. California residents can make this request online by emailing us at privacy@flipboard.com.Do Not Sell My Info– You can request that we not sell your personal information by clicking Do Not Sell My Info on the website and in the app in the Privacy section of the Settings menu or by sending an email to privacy@flipboard.com with your request. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “sell” means the sale of your personal information to an outside party for monetary or other valuable consideration, subject to certain exceptions set forth in applicable California law. Please note that any opt-outs through these tools are specific to the device and browser you are using, so you should opt-out for each web browser and on each device you use. Your opt-out preferences will be deleted any time you clear your web browser’s cookie cache.If you have a Flipboard account, on the website or on mobile app you can log into your account and navigate to Privacy Settings to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.If you do not have a Flipboard account and only visit Flipboard.com, we have limited information about you and do not “sell” your information as described in this policy.If you do not have a Flipboard account but use the Flipboard mobile app, you can navigate to Privacy Settings in the Flipboard app to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. However, you may also be able to configure your mobile device privacy or advertising settings, including by selecting “limit ad tracking” on an iOS device or “opt out of interest-based ads” on an Android.You may also opt-out of sale in some instances by using the DAA CCPA Opt Out Tool at https://optout.privacyrights.info/?c=1. In addition you may be able to opt-out of some – but not all – interest-based ads served by mobile ad networks by visiting http://youradchoices.com/appchoices and downloading the mobile AppChoices app. To opt-out of cookie-based tracking for advertising purposes, you will also need to separately visit https://optout.aboutads.info/ and https://optout.networkadvertising.org/.  Flipboard is not intended for users under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 16. Please see our section on Minor Children for more information. Flipboard will not discriminate against you because you made any of these requests. We may deny certain requests, or fulfill a request only in part, based on our legal rights and obligations. For example, we may retain personal information as permitted by law, such as for tax or other record keeping purposes, to maintain an active account, and to process transactions and facilitate customer requests. Note that for purposes of these requests under this Privacy Policy, personal information does not include information about job applicants, employees and other of our personnel; information about employees and other representatives of third-party entities we may interact with; or information we have collected as a service provider to our clients. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your requests. For example, we may utilize a third party verification provider to assist with verifying your identity. The verification steps may vary depending on the sensitivity of the personal information and whether you have an account with us. California residents may designate an authorized agent to make a request on their behalf. When submitting the request, please ensure the authorized agent is identified as an authorized agent. If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of a California consumer please email privacy@flipboard.com. For purposes of California residents making these requests, please also note the following regarding how we collect, use, and share your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy, including in the previous 12 months:  We may collect, use, and disclose for our business and commercial purposes as described above, categories of personal information as set forth in applicable California law, including: Identifiers, Contact and Account Information, Payment Information, Demographic Information, Information You Submit, Device, Internet, and Network Activity Information, Location Information, Employment Related Information, and Inferences.We collect these categories of personal information from the sources described above, including directly from you, advertising partners and networks, data analytics providers, vendors and service providers, data brokers, social networks, third party publishers, our business and marketing partners, and other parties in connection with business transfers and for legal, safety, fraud prevention, and enforcement reasons.We may disclose each of the foregoing categories of personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in this privacy policy to the extent permitted by applicable law to the categories of third parties as described in this privacy policy, which may include our service providers and suppliers; our business and marketing partners, including advertising networks, data analytics providers, data brokers, and social networks; and other parties in connection with business transfers and for legal, safety, fraud prevention, and enforcement reasons.We may “sell” categories of personal information, including: Identifiers, Contact and Account Information, Demographic Information, Information You Submit, Device, Internet, and Network Activity Information, Location Information, Employment Related Information, and Inferences. We may “sell” these categories of personal information to the categories of third parties described in this Privacy Policy, which may include our business and marketing partners, advertising networks, data analytics providers, data brokers, and social networks. 