Title: Bandcamp
URL: https://bandcamp.com/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: service, personal, provide, user, privacy, data, email, bandcamp, users, information

Reduced Policy:   You have certain rights regarding the Personal Data we maintain about you. We also offer you certain choices about what Personal Data we collect from you, how we use that information, and how we communicate with you.  Sometimes you may be required by law or by contract to provide us with your Personal Data to be able to use our products or services. In other cases, you may provide us with your personal data voluntarily. The particular reasons for using your Personal Data, whether you are required to provide your Personal Data, and the possible consequences of not providing your Personal Data will be indicated at the time the information is collected.You may designate certain User Submissions as private so that they are not shared with other users. Not all User Submissions may be designated as private.You can add or update certain information on pages, such as your username and password, your email address, and your user profile information.Where required by law, we obtain your prior opt-in consent at the time of collection for certain processing of Personal Data, such as for direct marketing purposes. If we rely on consent for the processing of your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time and, when you do so, this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal.You can opt out of the collection and use of certain information, which we collect about you by automated means, when you visit our website. Your browser may tell you how to be notified and opt out of receiving certain types of cookies and similar technologies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our website.You can at any time tell us not to send you marketing communications by email by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the marketing emails you receive from us or by contacting us as specified in the “How To Contact Us” section below. Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Bandcamp Service, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes.To the extent provided by applicable law, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us, or object at any time on legitimate grounds, to the processing of your Personal Data. We will apply your preferences going forward. In some circumstances, withdrawing your consent to the use or disclosure of your Personal Data will mean that you cannot take advantage of some Bandcamp features.Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to: obtain confirmation that we hold Personal Data about you, request access to and receive information about the Personal Data we maintain about you, receive copies of the Personal Data we maintain about you, exercise your right to data portability, update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data, object to or restrict the processing of your Personal Data, and have the information blocked, anonymized or deleted, as appropriate. These rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements. You may also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide Personal Data in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information shared, the names and email addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2018 will receive information regarding 2017 sharing activities), and descriptions of the likely types of marketing the third parties would send. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.If we fall short of your expectations in processing your Personal Data or you wish to make a complaint about our privacy practices, please tell us because it gives us an opportunity to fix the problem. You may contact us by using the contact details provided in the “How To Contact Us” section below. To assist us in responding to your request, please give full details of the issue. We attempt to review and respond to all complaints within a reasonable time.If you provide us with any Personal Data relating to another individual, you should make sure that the sharing with us and our further use as described to you from time to time is in line with applicable laws, so for example you should duly inform that individual on the processing of her/his Personal Data and obtain her/his consent, as may be necessary under applicable laws.To exercise your rights and choices as described above, please contact us as specified in the “How To Contact Us” section below.  Does Bandcamp Collect Children’s Data?  We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Data from children under 16 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 16. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Data without your consent, you may alert us by using the contact details provided in the “How To Contact Us” section below. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Data from children under 16, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.  Does Bandcamp Transfer Your Personal Data Abroad?  To offer our services, we may transfer your Personal Data to recipients in countries other than the country in which the data were originally collected, including to the United States. The laws in those countries may not offer the same level of data protection as the country in which the data initially were provided. When we transfer your Personal Data to recipients in other countries, we will protect the data as described in this Privacy Policy.  Bandcamp is currently in the process of certifying to the EU–U.S. and the Swiss–U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks to provide adequate safeguards for the transfer of Personal Data to the United States from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and Switzerland. To view our Privacy Shield Privacy Policy, please clickhere.  Changes to this Privacy Policy  Bandcamp may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Data, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Service or sending you an email. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when they use the Service after such changes have been first posted.  How to Contact Us  If you have any questions or concerns regarding the privacy of your Personal Data by Bandcamp, or if you would like to exercise your rights to your Personal Data, please send a detailed message tosupport@bandcamp.com. Please specify the subject of your request on the subject line and in the body of your message (e.g. “Request for access to my personal data”, “Request for California Privacy Information” etc.). We will provide the requested information and make every effort to resolve your concerns. 