Title: Policies
URL: https://www.change.org/policies/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: responsibility, tools, types, policies, wider, support, safe, community, speech, set

Reduced Policy:   You have the right to request a personal information report which details all of the data we hold about you from the last 12 months. We will confirm that we have received your request within 10 days.  You can contact us to request a personal information report via ourHelp Deskor by emailing us at dpt@change.org.  Where possible, we will provide your personal information report to you within 45 days. If we need more time to process your request we will contact you to let you know why and ensure that you receive your report no later than a further 45 days from the first deadline.  Your personal information report will contain the following data:  Sources of informationPurpose for which it was collectedThird parties it was disclosed toPurpose for disclosure  To protect your personal information we have security measures in place to ensure that no one other than you can access your personal information report.  You have the right to delegate your request for a personal information report to an agent. If you do choose to use this method we will ask you to confirm your identity and that your agent has permission to act on your behalf.  h. Your right to request deletion of your personal information  You have the right to request the deletion of all of the personal information we hold about you. We will confirm that we have received your request within 10 days.  You can contact us to request deletion of your personal information via ourHelp Deskor by emailing us at dpt@change.org.  Within 45 days of your request we will delete all of the personal information we hold about you and send you a report detailing how we have completed your request. In some circumstances we may need to keep data because of legal obligations. We will not use this data for any business purpose.  You have the right to delegate your request for the deletion of your personal information to an agent. If you do choose to use this method we will ask you to confirm your identity and that your agent has permission to act on your behalf.  10. Policy updates & contacting us  This policy may change over time. We’ve included here our contact information, but the best way to get in touch with us is through our online Help Center.  We may change this Privacy Policy. The “Effective Date” legend at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when it was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on our platform.  We welcome questions, concerns, and feedback about this policy. If you have any suggestions for us, feel free to let us know by contacting ourHelp Desk. You can also write to the following address:  Change.org, PBC548 Market Street, Private Mailbox #29993San Francisco, CA 94104-5401 USA  Change.org, PBC., located at the above address, is the company responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information under this Privacy Policy. If you prefer, you may also contact us at our EU office:  Change.org, PBCCarrer de Santaló, 10, 1st Floor,08021 Barcelona Spain  We welcome questions, concerns, and feedback about this policy. If you have any suggestions for us, feel free to let us know by contacting ourHelp Desk.  You can contact ourHelp Deskfor any data deletion or access requests.If you have detailed questions about Change.org’s data usage, you may like to contact our Data Protection Team at dpt@change.org  Because email or postal communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails or letters to us. You may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority competent for your country or region.  Please click herehttps://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htmfor contact information for such authorities. Thanks for supporting change in your community — we can’t wait to see what you’ll change next!   You have the right to request the deletion of all of the personal information we hold about you. We will confirm that we have received your request within 10 days.  You can contact us to request deletion of your personal information via ourHelp Deskor by emailing us at dpt@change.org.  Within 45 days of your request we will delete all of the personal information we hold about you and send you a report detailing how we have completed your request. In some circumstances we may need to keep data because of legal obligations. We will not use this data for any business purpose.  You have the right to delegate your request for the deletion of your personal information to an agent. If you do choose to use this method we will ask you to confirm your identity and that your agent has permission to act on your behalf.  10. Policy updates & contacting us  This policy may change over time. We’ve included here our contact information, but the best way to get in touch with us is through our online Help Center.  We may change this Privacy Policy. The “Effective Date” legend at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when it was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on our platform.  We welcome questions, concerns, and feedback about this policy. If you have any suggestions for us, feel free to let us know by contacting ourHelp Desk. You can also write to the following address:  Change.org, PBC548 Market Street, Private Mailbox #29993San Francisco, CA 94104-5401 USA  Change.org, PBC., located at the above address, is the company responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information under this Privacy Policy. If you prefer, you may also contact us at our EU office:  Change.org, PBCCarrer de Santaló, 10, 1st Floor,08021 Barcelona Spain  We welcome questions, concerns, and feedback about this policy. If you have any suggestions for us, feel free to let us know by contacting ourHelp Desk.  You can contact ourHelp Deskfor any data deletion or access requests.If you have detailed questions about Change.org’s data usage, you may like to contact our Data Protection Team at dpt@change.org  Because email or postal communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails or letters to us. You may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority competent for your country or region.  Please click herehttps://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htmfor contact information for such authorities. Thanks for supporting change in your community — we can’t wait to see what you’ll change next! 