Title: Site Policies — Central Intelligence Agency
URL: https://cia.gov/about-cia/site-policies
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: website, cia, policies, intelligence, sites, visitor, social, security, central, agency, site, information

Reduced Policy:   Unless a copyright is indicated, information on the Central Intelligence Agency website is in the public domain and may be reproduced, published or otherwise used without the Central Intelligence Agency's permission. We request only that the Central Intelligence Agency be cited as the source of the information and that any photo credits or bylines be similarly credited to the photographer or author or Central Intelligence Agency, as appropriate.  If a copyright is indicated on a photo, graphic, or any other material, permission to copy these materials must be obtained from the original source.  This copyright notice does not pertain to information at websites other than the Central Intelligence Agency website.  [Top of Page]    Use of the Central Intelligence Agency Seal  Federal law prohibits use of the words "Central Intelligence Agency," the initials "CIA," the seal of the Central Intelligence Agency, or any colorable imitation of such words, initials, or seal in connection with any merchandise, impersonation, solicitation, or commercial activity in a manner reasonably calculated to convey the impression that such use is approved, endorsed, or authorized by the Central Intelligence Agency.  [Top of Page]    Computer Fraud and Abuse Act  Unauthorized attempts to upload information and/or change information on the Central Intelligence Agency website is strictly prohibited and is subject to prosecution under Title 18 U.S.C., Sections 1001 and 1030.  (seeSecurity Notice)  [Top of Page]    Kids' Zone: Notice for Parents  We established a kids' page in compliance with thePresident's April 18, 1997, Memorandum for Heads of Executive Departments and Agencies, Subject: Expanding Access to Internet-based Educational Resources for Children, Teachers, and Parents.  We encourage parents and teachers to be involved in children's Internet explorations. The Central Intelligence Agency Kids' Zone provides information about the Nation's intelligence efforts as well as other fun things for kids to do. We do not ask for nor collect any information regarding children's visits to the Kids' Zone other than as stated in thePrivacy Notice. The information collected as stated in thePrivacy Noticedoes not differentiate between adults and children.  [Top of Page]    Accessing Declassified Information  If you are interested in documents recently declassified by the Central Intelligence Agency, you can access much of this information through theCIA FOIA Electronic Reading Room(Freedom of Information Act) on this website.  The FOIA Electronic Reading Room offers an Internet-based database containing recently declassified documents on a wide variety of issues. Many of the referenced documents are available for viewing as full text images of the original document. In addition to the FOIA Electronic Reading Room, the Agency's Library contains aRelated Linkssection that includes links to the National Archives Records Administration and other sites where declassified documents and satellite photography may be obtained.  [Top of Page]    Site Management  The Central Intelligence Agency's Office of Public Affairs (OPA) manages the overall information content, design, and, organization of the website. OPA also coordinates release of Central Intelligence Agency information on the Internet.  [Top of Page]    Verification or Hard Copy of Content  Some of the information that CIA has made available on the Central Intelligence Agency website may be available in hard copy. Please direct inquiries to the Office of Public Affairs staff:  Office of Public Affairs  Central Intelligence Agency  Washington, D.C. 20505  Fax: (703) 482-1739  [Top of Page]  Social Media  CIA maintains accounts on several third-party social media sites (including Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and Flickr).  The CIA participates in these open forums in order to increase transparency.  Content is posted first on CIA.gov prior to dissemination on social media sites.Your activity on third-party websites is governed by the security and privacy policies of the third-party sites.  You may wish to review the privacy policies of those sites before using them in order to understand how the information you make available on them will be used.  While we encourage commenting and conversation on our social media profiles, please remember that they are a public forum and any information provided will be visible to the public. Please do not include your nor anyone else’s personal details such as a telephone number, home or email address, social security number or any other personal information that you do not want available to the general public.  Comments or messages that represent criminal activities, intentions, or threats will be turned over to the appropriate law enforcement officials  Our presence on social media sites is not intended to endorse, recommend or favor any third-party company or service provider.  Individuals who have applied to, or are interested in applying to, positions with CIA should not associate with CIA's Facebook page or Twitter feed. That includes posting content, 'friending' or 'following' the Agency, and/or 'liking' or sharing content or commentary. Applicant communication with the Agency must be conducted in authorized channels, not via social media.  [Top of Page]  For More Information  If you have any questions or comments about the information presented here, please contact the Central Intelligence Agency web information manager in the Office of Public Affairs at the address or phone or fax numbers listed above.  [Top of Page] 