Title: Wizards of the Coast’s Privacy Policy
URL: https://company.wizards.com/legal/wizards-coasts-privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: service, personal, privacy, coasts, data, collected, profile, policy, information, wizards, contact, content

Reduced Policy:     Review and Updating Account Information  If you have registered an account, you may at any time review or update the Contact Data in your account through your account settings or by contacting us as set forth in the section entitledContact Usbelow. Please be sure to include in your message the name of the feature for which you registered and the email address you used to register so that we can verify your request. We may require additional information from you to allow us to confirm your identity. Please note that we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.  Posted Content  If you wish to review, correct, or delete content or information you have publicly posted on our Service you may do so by visiting the individual post and selecting the “Edit” or “Delete” options. Alternatively, you may contact us as set forth in the section entitledContact Usbelow with your request. Requests must state that the user personally posted such content or information and detail where the content or information is posted. Please note we will make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view and that removal of this content or information from public view does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal. After your removal request has been honored, we may retain copies of the content or information you have previously posted on our servers. Additionally, we are not required to remove your posted content or information if we are required by law to retain it.  Tracking Technology Choices    Cookies and GIFs.Most browsers accept cookies by default. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to decline or delete cookies. If you use multiple browsers on your device, you will need to instruct each browser separately. Your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.    App-Specific Technologies.You can reset your mobile Ad ID at any time through your device settings, which will allow you to limit the use of information collected about you. For information on how to do this on Apple devices, visitApple.comorhttps://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074. For information on how to do this on Android devices, visitGoogle.com. You can stop all collection of information via an app by uninstalling the app.  Location-Identifying Technologies.The location data collected through an app depends on your device settings and app permissions. You can exercise choice over the location data collected through our apps by (i) for GPS data, disabling location in your device settings or disabling location permissions to that app; (ii) for Bluetooth data, disabling Bluetooth and any Bluetooth scanning option in your device settings; or (iii) for WiFi data, disabling WiFi and any WiFi scanning option in your device settings. You can stop collection of all location data via an app by uninstalling the app.  Do Not Track.Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, we do not monitor or take action with respect to “Do Not Track” signals or other mechanisms. For more information on “Do Not Track,” visithttp://www.allaboutdnt.com.  Please be aware that if you disable or remove Tracking Technologies some parts of the Service may not function correctly.  Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising  You may exercise choice regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by visitinghttps://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutand downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.  Some of the third parties that collect information from or about you on the Service in order to provide more relevant advertising to you participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. This program offers a centralized location where users can make choices about the use of their information for online behavioral advertising. To learn more about the DAA and your opt-out options for their members, please visit (i) for website opt-out,http://www.aboutads.info/choices;and (ii) for mobile app opt-out,http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices. In addition, some of these third parties may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, please visithttp://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. Opting-out only means that the selected members should no longer deliver certain Interest-based Advertising to you but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks).  To opt-out of us using your data for Matched Ads, please contact us as set forth in theContact Ussection below and specify that you wish to opt-out of Matched Ads. We will request that the applicable technology service not serve you Matched Ads based on information we provide to it. Alternatively, you may directly contact the applicable technology service to opt-out.  You may also limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device for purposes of serving targeted ads to you by going to your device settings and selecting "Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt-out of Interest-Based Ads" (for Android devices).  Please note that if you opt-out using any of these methods, the opt-out will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt-out. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-party opt-out options or programs, or the accuracy of any company statements regarding their opt-out options or programs.  Unlinking Your Accounts  If you have linked your Wizards account with certain social network or gaming platforms, such as Facebook or Steam, you may unlink your accounts at any time by visiting your Wizards account settings. Please note that unlinking your accounts will not affect any information previously shared through the linking. Wizards is not responsible for any platform practices, and we recommend that you carefully review their online policies.  Communications  If you do not want Wizards to send you promotional emails about products, services or events, you may opt-out of receiving such promotional emails at the time of registration. After registration, you may opt-out by following the link provided in a Wizards email or by contacting us as set forth in the section entitledContact Usbelow. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Wizards reserves the right to contact you with updates relating to your account, transactions, the Terms of Use, the Code of Conduct or this Privacy Policy. Please note that your decision to opt-out is limited to the email address used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions.  Your California Privacy Rights  California residents have additional rights as set out in the section entitledAdditional Disclosures for California Residentsbelow.  Your Nevada Rights  Nevada law (NRS 603A.340) requires each business to establish an email address or other means by which Nevada consumers may submit requests directing the business not to sell certain kinds of personal information that the business has collected or will collect about the consumer. A sale under Nevada law is the exchange of certain kinds of personal information for monetary consideration by the business to a third party for the third party to license or sell the personal information to other third parties. If you are a Nevada consumer and wish to submit a request relating to our compliance with Nevada law, please contact us as at privacy@wizards.com.  Your European Privacy Rights  Data subjects in Europe have additional rights as set out in theAdditional Disclosures for Data Subjects in Europesection below. 