Title: Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc. Corporate Site
URL: https://corporate.britannica.com/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: browser, advertising, corporate, optout, thirdparty, data, services, britannica, encyclopædia, site, device, information, ads, cookies

Reduced Policy:  We participate in the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework and comply with itsSpecifications and Policies.  Our Consent Managment Platform (CMP) is OneTrust LLC with the CMP identification number 28. OurCookie Policymore fully describes the cookies, beacons and other similar technology used on the our Services and provides information on when and how users can accept or reject them. You can opt-out of being behaviorally targeted by Britannica (and other companies employing online advertising) via the following options: Digital Advertising AllianceDigital Advertising Alliance CanadaEuropean Digital Advertising AllianceNetwork Advertising Initiative Please remember, if you opt-out of interest-based advertising you will continue to receive ads on our free, ad-supported Services, but not behaviorally targeted ads. Also, if you opt-out of Britannica’s practices, you may continue to receive interest-based advertising through other companies. Browser controls You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Services. For more information about cookies, please visithttp://www.allaboutcookies.org/. Please note that limiting third-party cookies via your browser controls does not prevent our first-party cookies from being set in this way. To manage or delete browser cookies, please see your browser’s privacy settings.To manage or delete Flash cookies, please use the Adobe Flash Player Settings Manager here:http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html Google Analytics You can control the use of your personal data by Google Analytics by visiting the ‘Your privacy controls’ section of the Google Privacy Policy located athttps://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US#infochoices. You also can use the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on to disable tracking by Google Analytics.  To delete these cookies, please see your browser’s privacy settings or follow the above instructions. IX & LiveRamp You can control the use of your personal data by IX and LiveRamp as follows: IX’s options for users to opt-out of personalized advertising can be found on the IX website at this link:https://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/.  IX may continue to add opt-out options. To opt out of LiveRamp’s use of your personal data, please head here:https://liveramp.com/opt_out/. How we respond to “Do Not Track” signals When you visit a website in any browser, you automatically share information with that website, such as your IP address, and other standard PC information. If the website contains content provided by a third-party website (for example a web measurement tools such as a web beacon or scripts), some information about you may be automatically sent to the content provider.  This type of arrangement has several benefits, such as allowing you to access third-party content from our Services conveniently. Some internet browsers or other tools include “Do Not Track” (DNT) features that, when turned on, send a signal to websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked across websites over time. However, since no technology standard for DNT signals has been developed or adopted to date, our Services do not currently respond to DNT signals. The EU GDPR and other countries’ privacy laws provide certain rights for data subjects. A good explanation of them (in English) is available on the website of the United Kingdom’sInformation Commissioner’s Office. If you wish to confirm that Encyclopaedia Britannica is processing your personal data, or to have access to the personal data Encyclopaedia Britannica may have about you, please contact us atdpo@eb.com. All of the content on the Services is copyrighted by Encyclopaedia Britannica, Incorporated, 354 N. LaSalle St., Suite 200, Chicago, Illinois 60654, or its licensors, and it cannot be redistributed or used for commercial purposes. More detailed information about Encyclopaedia Britannica’s copyrights and trademarks is available in ourTerms of Use.