Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://corp.kaltura.com/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: websites, policy, business, information, collect, data, personal, email, kaltura, privacy, marketing
Policy: 
These privacy notices provide important information about how Kaltura, Inc. (“Kaltura”) collects, uses,

processes, protects, and discloses information when you use the Kaltura Websites and the Kaltura Platform.

Our Privacy Notice for the Kaltura Websites details the kinds of Personal Information we collect when you visit

the various websites that we operate and how we manage and use that information.

Our Privacy Notice for the Kaltura Platform details the kinds of Personal Information that are collected when

you use or interact with the Kaltura Platform through an Account Owner’s account.

These notices include legal information about your privacy rights, how you can exercise your legal rights, and how to

contact Kaltura.

Kaltura may update these Privacy Notices at any time without prior notice. Any such changes will become effective

prospectively from the date of publication. These Privacy Notices were last updated on April 6, 2020. We encourage you

to check this page frequently for any changes to our Privacy Notices.

Any inquiries, concerns, or requests regarding the use or disclosure of your Personal Information should be directed to

Kaltura’s data protection officer at: [email protected].

This privacy notice contains important information about how Kaltura, Inc. (“Kaltura”) collects, uses,

processes, protects, and discloses information when you use the Kaltura Websites.

Please visit the Terms of Use for further conditions governing your use of

the Kaltura Websites.

What this Privacy Notice covers This policy describes how Kaltura treats Personal Information that we collect, receive, process, store, distribute,

and display via the Kaltura Websites, including email, text, and other electronic communications between you and

Kaltura. For our privacy notice on information collected on the Kaltura Platform visit: Privacy Notice for the Kaltura

Platform. In this policy, “you” means any person or organization that is authorized to use the Kaltura

Platform or Website; “we” or “us” means Kaltura, including our subsidiaries and

affiliates. The “Kaltura Websites” or “Websites” are websites and apps belonging to Kaltura. “Marketing Partners” are trusted third parties providing us with services and data for marketing

purposes or conducting joint marketing activities with us. “Personal Information” is information about you that is personally identifiable by name or can be

linked to you through a personal identifier like your address, e-mail address, phone number, or location. This

definition is given here for the purpose of this notice only, and some laws may use a different definition. If you

are asserting your rights under law, the applicable legal definition governs your rights.

When does Kaltura collect Personal Information? In general, Kaltura collects Personal Information about you in the following situations: When you visit the Kaltura Websites

When you register through one of the Kaltura Websites for online or in-person events organized by Kaltura

and/or our business partners

and/or our business partners When you sign up to receive Kaltura’s email newsletter, blog updates, or other communications from Kaltura

When you participate in a Kaltura survey

When you communicate with Kaltura, post information to a blog or community forum, or upload user submitted

media.

media. When you enter promotions and contests offered by Kaltura

When you submit your resume or other Personal Information through the Kaltura Websites in connection with a

job application Provision of this information to Kaltura is not mandatory. However, you will not be able to access and use the

Kaltura Websites and communicate with Kaltura without disclosing some Personal Information to Kaltura.

What categories of Personal Information we collect Through the Kaltura Websites, we may collect Personal Information that you voluntarily provide, such as your name,

email address, location, professional title and affiliation, and interests. We also record your communications

preferences when you sign up to receive email communications from Kaltura. In addition, like most other websites, when you visit any of the Kaltura Websites, Kaltura automatically receives

and records information from a variety of sources, such as information from your browser, device, Kaltura and

third-party cookie information, web beacons, VAST tags, pixel tags, social media buttons, URL links, and other

methods. Information collected automatically through these sources include your activity on the Kaltura Websites and

unique identifiers such as your IP address and device ID. We collect Personal Information about potential business customers and partners from our Marketing Partners and

public sources. Although some information collected automatically is not personally identifiable, we or our Marketing Partners may,

to the extent permitted by applicable law, aggregate or combine this information with information from other

sources, both public and non-public (such as data brokers and organizers of conferences you attended who have your

permission to transfer information to us, and information available publicly on the Internet). Combining information

from various sources could make anonymous information identifiable as Personal Information or add to the Personal

Information we already have about you.

The purposes for which we use your Personal Information We use your Personal Information from the Kaltura Websites solely for certain legitimate business purposes, which

include some or all of the following: Contacting you and sending you communications that we think will be of interest to you.

Providing you the information you request through our Websites.

Remembering information you previously entered on our Websites to enhance, modify, personalize, or otherwise

improve your experience on our Websites.

improve your experience on our Websites. Improving our Websites, services, and products.

Customizing the advertising and content you see.

Conducting research and providing statistical reporting to understand how individuals interact with our

Websites and determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising.

Children The Kaltura Websites are not intended for children and we do not permit children to register on Kaltura Websites. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received or collected Personal Information pertaining to a child under

the age of consent in the jurisdiction where the child is located without valid consent, we will delete such

information from our records.

Cookies and other activity tracking technologies We use cookies and other technologies such as web beacons, tags and other technologies to collect information about

usage of Kaltura Websites and interaction with emails that we have sent. When you visit Kaltura Websites, our servers or an authorized third party may place a cookie on your browser. The

cookie can collect information, including Personal Information, about your online activities. Cookies allow us to

track usage of the Kaltura Websites and provide you with a better browsing experience. We also use web beacons on the Kaltura Websites. For example, web beacons may be placed in marketing emails to

notify us when you click on a link in the email and are directed to a Kaltura Website. Web beacons are used to

improve the Kaltura Websites, enhance our email communications, and track the success of our promotional campaigns. Please see below for details about how we use different categories of cookies and other tracking technologies, as

well as how you can manage cookie settings: Functional cookies – We use functional cookies to retain information you entered (such as your language or

your geographic region) and collect information about how the Kaltura Websites are used. We may use third-party

technology to track and analyze usage information to improve how the Kaltura Websites function, improve your

browsing experience, provide more relevant communications, and track the performance of our advertisements. To manage the use of functional cookies on the Kaltura Websites, consult your individual browser settings for

cookies. You can also visit https://www.aboutcookies.org/ for more

information on managing cookies. Note that disabling these cookies may impact functionality when using the

Kaltura Websites.

your geographic region) and collect information about how the Kaltura Websites are used. We may use third-party technology to track and analyze usage information to improve how the Kaltura Websites function, improve your browsing experience, provide more relevant communications, and track the performance of our advertisements. Advertising cookies – We or authorized third parties may use cookies to show you ads for our products that we

think may interest you on any devices you may use. You may see advertisements for Kaltura’s products on other

websites or mobile applications on any of your devices. These cookies also help us manage and track the

effectiveness of our marketing efforts. To manage the use of advertising cookies on the Kaltura Websites, consult your individual browser settings for

cookies. In addition, many ad networks have joined the Digital Advertising Alliance’s self-regulatory program to

provide a single opt-out tool at: http://www.aboutads.info and at the

European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) website: http://youronlinechoices.eu. However, Kaltura does not guarantee that

using these tools will prevent online behavioral tracking using cookies through our Websites. At present, Kaltura and our third-party Marketing Partners do not honor Do Not Track signals set by some

browsers. If you wish to avoid behavioral tracking by ad networks, please choose from the available methods for

doing so or refrain from using the Kaltura Websites.

think may interest you on any devices you may use. You may see advertisements for Kaltura’s products on other websites or mobile applications on any of your devices. These cookies also help us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. Social media buttons – The Kaltura Websites use social media buttons, such as the Facebook “like” button, the

“Tweet” button and other sharing functions (collectively, “Social Media Buttons”). Through the Social Media

Buttons, you may have the option to post information about your activities on the Kaltura Websites to your

profile page on a third-party social media network and share with others within your network. Cookies may be set by the respective social media networks to track your online activity. Kaltura has no direct

control over the information that is collected by these third parties. Your interactions with Social Media

Buttons are governed by the privacy policies of the respective social media networks.

Editing and deleting your Personal Information and preferences and opting out of communications and direct

marketing. You can review, correct, edit, or delete the information that you provided to us by sending us an e-mail request at

[email protected]. Please note that we may need to verify your identity before

processing your request. You may elect to “opt out” of receiving direct marketing or being included in market

research information. You can opt out of receiving email communications by following the instructions through the

unsubscribe option in Kaltura’s emails. You may also opt out at any time, edit your account information, or delete

your account entirely by sending an e-mail request to [email protected] (please

indicate “Opt Out” in the subject line). New categories of communication and notification might be added to the Preferences page of the Kaltura Community

Forum from time to time. You can opt out of receiving future communications from these new categories or you can

unsubscribe and block future messages by following instructions through the unsubscribe option in those messages. If you are a Kaltura Platform Account Owner, you will continue to receive certain communications pertaining to your

Kaltura Platform account such as service announcements and administrative messages even if you opt out of marketing

communications from Kaltura. While we will try to comply with any request pertaining to your Personal Information in accordance with applicable

law, please be aware that we may not be able to fulfill requests pertaining to information already shared with third

parties. Some information may be retained on our systems for recordkeeping purposes, and some residual digital

information cannot be removed or changed.

Disclosure of Personal Information to third parties We do not sell, disclose, or share Personal Information about you with third parties except under the following

circumstances and for the following purposes: When we have your permission to provide you with services you requested and to carry out your instructions.

When required by law to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process by public authorities, including

disclosures required by national security or law enforcement agencies.

disclosures required by national security or law enforcement agencies. When we need to establish or exercise our legal rights, or to defend against legal claims, or when we believe

it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal

activities, data breaches, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any

person, violations of Kaltura’s Terms of Use, or as otherwise

required by law.

it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, data breaches, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Kaltura’s Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law. We may transfer your Personal Information if Kaltura is acquired by or merged with another company, to ensure

the continuity of our business and services. In such an event, Kaltura will make a public announcement before

information about you becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

the continuity of our business and services. In such an event, Kaltura will make a public announcement before information about you becomes subject to a different privacy policy. When we conduct joint webinars or marketing events with business partners, we may share participant contact

information with such business partners for their marketing use.

information with such business partners for their marketing use. We may share your Personal Information with third-party service providers or vendors that we engage to support

Kaltura’s business and/or the Kaltura Websites. Examples include providers of website hosting services, website

analytics services, and marketing and communication services. These third parties are authorized to process your

Personal Information solely for the purposes of providing the relevant services to Kaltura. Kaltura and its affiliates are located in different regions around the world, and Kaltura works with strategic

partners across different industries, categories of business, and in different jurisdictions. By accessing the

Kaltura Websites, your information may be transferred outside of your local jurisdiction.

Retention of information We may retain your information (including Personal Information) for any lawfully permitted period of time, and as

necessary to comply with our legal and contractual obligations, enforce our agreements, and enable us to investigate

events and resolve disputes.

Kaltura blogs and discussion forums If you participate in a Kaltura blog, discussion forum, or other parts of our Websites that allow you to post your

comments, you should be aware that the information you provide there may be made broadly available to others,

potentially inside and outside Kaltura, who have access to that blog or discussion forum. Blogs and discussion

forums are monitored by Kaltura, and we reserve the right to remove your content at our discretion. Each

participant’s opinion on a blog or discussion forum is his or her own.

Third-party sites The Kaltura Websites include links to other websites owned or operated by third parties, such as our channel

partners who provide products and services that can be used together with Kaltura’s products and services. Kaltura

is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of any third-party websites, which are governed by their

own privacy policies.

Confidentiality, security, and data integrity We take great precautions to protect the integrity of your Personal Information. However, no data transmission over

the Internet or any other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect information

transmitted on or through our Websites, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit. To learn more about security, including the security measures we have taken and steps you can take to enhance the

security of your information when using the Kaltura Websites, please contact us at [email protected].

Rights of California Residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) If you are a resident of the State of California in the United States, you are entitled to certain rights under the

California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). The categories of Personal Information we collect about or from you

are described in section 3 above, and the business purposes for which we collect such Personal Information are

described in section 4 above. As a business subject to the CCPA, Kaltura does not sell Personal Information. Kaltura may share Personal

Information with third-party service providers or business partners for our own business purposes as described in

section 8 above. However, we disclose your Personal Information to these third parties only where you have consented

to disclosure of Personal Information to such third parties or where such third parties have agreed to contractual

limitations around their use, retention, and disclosure of Personal Information. As a resident of the State of California, you have the following rights under the CCPA: You have the right to request access to the Personal Information we collect from or about you.

You have the right to request details about how we process or disclose your Personal Information.

You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Information we have collected about you, subject to

certain exceptions.

certain exceptions. You have the right to not be denied any goods or services for exercising your rights under the CCPA. To exercise any of these rights, you may contact Kaltura by following the instructions in section 16 below. We may

need to verify your identity before we are able to process your requests.

Rights of European Data Subjects under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) If you are in one of the EU/EEA countries, you are entitled to certain rights under the General Data Protection

Regulation (GDPR) EU Regulation 2016/679 and applicable national data protection regulations. By visiting the Kaltura Websites or communicating with Kaltura, you acknowledge that we may process your Personal

Information for the purposes described above, either on the basis of your consent or if we have other lawful grounds

to do so. Under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: You have the right to withdraw consent to processing, where consent is the basis of processing. For the

Personal Information we collect on the Kaltura Websites, this means you may withdraw your consent to processing

by leaving the Kaltura Websites, suspending your account if you have registered on our Websites, and requesting

that we delete your Personal Information by contacting us at [email protected] .

Personal Information we collect on the Kaltura Websites, this means you may withdraw your consent to processing by leaving the Kaltura Websites, suspending your account if you have registered on our Websites, and requesting that we delete your Personal Information by contacting us at . You have the right to access your Personal Information that we hold and request further details about how we

process it, under certain conditions.

process it, under certain conditions. You have the right to demand rectification of inaccurate Personal Information about you. We will promptly

correct any information found to be incorrect.

correct any information found to be incorrect. You have the right to object to unlawful data processing under certain conditions.

You have the right to erasure of past data about you (your “right to be forgotten”) under certain conditions.

You have the right to demand that we restrict processing of your Personal Information, under certain

conditions, if you believe we have exceeded the legitimate basis for processing, processing is no longer

necessary, or if you believe your Personal Information is inaccurate.

conditions, if you believe we have exceeded the legitimate basis for processing, processing is no longer necessary, or if you believe your Personal Information is inaccurate. You have the right to data portability of Personal Information concerning you that you provided us in a

structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, subject to certain conditions.

structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, subject to certain conditions. The Personal Information we collect on the Kaltura Websites is not used for automated decision making and

profiling, except for automated processes in the context of marketing. As stated above, you can opt-out of

direct marketing by Kaltura by contacting Kaltura directly or by following the instructions through the

unsubscribe options in our email messages.

profiling, except for automated processes in the context of marketing. As stated above, you can opt-out of direct marketing by Kaltura by contacting Kaltura directly or by following the instructions through the unsubscribe options in our email messages. You have a right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority in your country if you believe that

Kaltura is processing your Personal Information in violation of applicable laws. To exercise any of these rights, you may contact Kaltura by following the instructions in section 16 below. We may

need to verify your identity before we are able to process your requests. Kaltura’s representative in the EU for the purposes of compliance with the GDPR is Kaltura Germany GmbH, Kaltura’s

Germany-based subsidiary, which may be contacted at: Kaltura Germany GmbH

c/o Mazars GmbH & Co. KG

Theodor-Stern-Kai 1

60596 Frankfurt am Main

Deutschland

Tel: +49 69 967 65-1263

Fax: +49 69 967 65-2160

Email: [email protected] To learn more about your rights under the GDPR you can visit the European Commission’s page on Protection of

Personal Data, at: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/index_en.htm

Cross-border Personal Information transfers and the EU-US Privacy Shield Kaltura is a global organization headquartered in the United States and has legal entities, business functions, and

systems in countries around the world. We may share your Personal Information within Kaltura and transfer it to countries in the world where we do

business, including outside of the EU/EEA and Switzerland. Other countries have privacy laws that are different from

privacy laws in your country. Regardless of location, Kaltura handles Personal Information as described here, and we

take care to ensure that our employees, agents and strategic partners in other countries act in a manner consistent

with this privacy notice. Kaltura complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set

forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information

transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. Kaltura has certified to

the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the

terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn

more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/. If you are in the European Union, you have a right to access your Personal Information. If you wish to access your

information held by Kaltura, please follow the contact information at the end of this notice. Kaltura may be liable for onward transfers to third parties in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles. We will investigate and attempt to resolve requests, complaints, and disputes regarding use and disclosure of your

information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and may require further information from you in order to identify

you and to address the matter at issue. People in the European Union, EEA, and Switzerland may submit unresolved complaints to binding arbitration in front

of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under certain conditions. Information about AAA services can be

found at its website: http://go.adr.org/privacyshield.html. The

exclusive location for such arbitration shall be New York, NY, United States. Kaltura is subject to the regulatory authority of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. The Federal Trade Commission

may be contacted at the following address: Federal Trade Commission

Attn: Consumer Response Center

600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW

Washington, DC 20580

Email: [email protected]

www.ftc.gov

Contacting Kaltura about this Privacy Notice Any inquiries, concerns, or requests regarding the use or disclosure of your Personal Information should be directed

to Kaltura’s data protection officer at: [email protected]. You may also send inquiries to the following address: Kaltura, Inc.

250 Park Avenue South, 10th Floor

New York, NY 10003

Attention: Legal Counsel


