Title: Privacy Policy
URL: http://gumgum.com/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: advertising, policy, collect, data, personal, rights, gumgum, provide, privacy, information, processing
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   If you are an EEA resident, you have the right to access, rectify, download, or erase your information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of your information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited circumstances. We describe these rights below:  Access  You can access your personal data by submitting a data subject access request. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it. You may also request to correct any incomplete or inaccurate personal data that we hold about you. However, we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.Rectify/Restrict/Limit/Remove  You have the right to ask us to rectify, restrict, limit, or remove the processing of your personal data where (1) there is no good reason for us to continue processing it, (2) we may have processed information inaccurately, unlawfully or (3) we were required to erase for compliance with local law. Note that we may not always be able to comply with your request to erase for specific legal reasons, which will be notified to you at the time of your request.  You may also request the transfer of your personal data to a third party, in which we will provide your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. This right only applies to automated information that you previously consented for us to use and/or used to perform a contract with you.Object/Withdraw  You may object to the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances when relying on a legitimate interest of yours or of a third party that you feel impedes on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information, which overrides your rights and freedoms.You may also withdraw consent to processing your personal data at any time. This does affect the lawfulness of any processing we have done prior to your consent withdrawal, and we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you after your consent withdrawal. We will notify you if this is the case at the time of your consent withdrawal.If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us atdataprivacy@gumgum.com.No Charge/Fees (in most cases  You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive, or we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.What We May Need from You  We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal information (or to exercise any other right). This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.Time Limit to Respond  We try to respond to all legitimate requests within thirty (30) days. Occasionally, however, it may take us longer to process your request if it is particularly complex and/or if you have made multiple requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated on the status of your request(s).Your Right to File a Complaint  If you are based in the European Union, you also have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)—the UK supervisory authority for data protection issuesICO UK. We would, however, appreciate the chance to address your concerns before you approach the ICO so, please contact us in the first instance.Name of the Lead Supervisory Authority overseeing GumGum (Controller):Information Commissioner’s OfficeWycliffe HouseWater LaneWilmslowCheshireSK9 5AFPhone: +44 (0) 0303 123 1113Email:casework@ico.org.ukTo contact GumGum with any questions or concerns, please contact us at:UNITED KINGDOM  GumGum UK LimitedWeWork Building138 HolbornLondon, UK EC1N2SW, GBCompany Number: 09922859Email:Global Compliance OfficerPhone: 1-310-260-9666UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  GumGum, Inc.Data Protection Officer1314 7th Street, 4th FloorSanta Monica, CA 90401Email:Global Compliance OfficerPhone: 1-310-260-9666  CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: CCPA DISCLOSURES  The CCPA requires businesses that are subject to this law to provide consumers who reside in California with certain rights with respect to their personal information.As a California resident and within 45 days, GumGum will respond to your right to:  Request a copy of the specific personal information collected about you during the 12 months before your request (a “personal information request”);Have such information deleted (with exceptions);Request that your personal information not be sold to third parties, if applicable; andNot to be discriminated against because you have exercised any of these rights. Should you choose to exercise any of your rights above, CCPA allows consumers to make a personal information request no more than twice in a 12-month period and that business will need to collect information from the requesting party so that It can verify a Consumer’s identity. However, because GumGum collects very limited personal data that is further pseudo-anonymized, most times we will not be able to provide you with copies of specific personal information or delete same.  CALIFORNIA CONSUMER RIGHTS – DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION  For California Residents Only:GumGum provides two ways to exercise your rights: Compete the form atDO NOT SELLor call 866-I-OPT-OUT and enter service code 319 when prompted. To assure a timely and accurate response, we kindly ask that you contact us by selecting only one of these methods.  CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY  GumGum may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Laws, regulations and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed. If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, GumGum will provide additional notice, such as via email or through the Services.  CONTACT GUMGUM  Questions or concerns about this policy, please email us at:dataprivacy@gumgum.com.    GLOSSARY  Ad Delivery and Reporting (ADR)is separate and distinct from Personalized Advertising, and means the collection or use of data about a browser or device for the purpose of delivering ads or providing advertising-related services, including, but not limited to: providing a specific advertisement based on a particular type of browser, device, or time of day; statistical reporting, traffic analysis, analytics, optimization of ad placement; ad performance, reach, and frequency metrics (e.g., frequency capping); security and fraud prevention; billing; and logging the number and type of ads served on a particular day to a particular website, application, or device.  Applicable Lawsmeans laws, rules, directives, regulations issued or enacted by any government entity (including any domestic or foreign, supra-national, state, county, municipal, local, territorial or other government, which includes to the extent applicable, Directive 95/46/EC, Directive 2002/58/EC, European Commission decisions and guidance) each as transposed into domestic legislation of each Member State or other country and as amended, replaced or superseded from time to time, including by the GDPR and laws implementing or supplementing the GDPR, and any industry self-regulatory principles that are applicable in the location or region where the Services are provided or received, related to the Processing of Personal Data or the interception, recording or monitoring of communications.  CCPAmeans Assembly Bill 375 of the California House of Representatives, an act to add Title 1.81.5 (commencing with Section 1798.100) to Part 4 of Division 3 of the Civil Code, relating to privacy and approved by the California Governor on June 28, 2018 (California Consumer Protection Act, “CCPA”).  Comply with a legal or regulatory obligationmeans processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.  Cross-App Advertisingis the collection of data across applications owned or operated by different entities on a particular device for the purpose of delivering advertising based on preferences or interests known or inferred from the data collected.  Cross-Device Linkingis the practice of linking two or more devices or browsers used or likely used by the same user, for advertising purposes.  De-Identified Datais data that is not linked or intended to be linked to an individual, browser, or device.  Device-Identifiable Information (DII)Formerly referred to as “Non-PII,” Device-Identifiable Information (DII) is any data that is linked to a particular browser or device if that data is not used, or intended to be used, to identify a particular individual. DII may include, but is not limited to, unique identifiers associated with browsers or devices, such as cookie identifiers or advertising identifiers, and IP addresses, where such data is not linked or intended to be linked to PII. DII includes data that is linked to a series of browsers or devices linked through Cross-Device Linking, if that data is not used, or intended to be used, to identify a particular individual. DII does not include De- Identified Data.  EU Model Clausesmeans the standard contractual clauses approved by European Commission on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of Personal Data to Processors or Controllers established in third countries (but which shall exclude any contractual clauses designated by the European Commission as optional in that decision), as amended or replaced from time to time by the European Commission.  GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the Processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC; The terms, “Controller”, “Processor” “Data Subject”, “Member State”, “Personal Data” or “Data”, “Personal Data Breach”, and “Processing”, and “Supervisory Authorities” shall have the same meaning as in the GDPR, and their cognate terms shall be construed accordingly.  Interested Partymeans the party to the Main Agreement and on whose behalf GumGum processes the Personal Data of Interested Party or of Interested Party’s clients, whether received from Data Subjects/Consumers, third parties or Interested Party.  Interest-Based Advertisingmeans the collection of data across web domains owned or operated by different entities for the purpose of delivering advertising based on preferences or interests known or inferred from the data collected.  Legitimate Interestmeans the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted by law).  Main Agreementmeans the agreement between the Interested Party and GumGum whereby GumGum provides the Services and, in connection with the supply of such Services, engages in the processing of Personal Data of Data Subjects on behalf of Data Controller.  Opt-In ConsentOpt-In Consent is an affirmative action taken by an individual that manifests the intent to opt in.  Opt-Out Mechanismis an easy-to-use mechanism by which individuals may exercise choice to disallow Personalized Advertising with respect to a particular browser or device.  Performance of Contractmeans processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.  Personal Directory Datais calendar, address book, phone/text log, or photo/video data (including any associated metadata), or similar data created by a user that is stored on or accessed through a device.  Personalized Advertisingis a collective term for Interest-Based Advertising, Cross-App Advertising, and Retargeting, as well as any combination of these practices.  Personally-Identifiable Information (PII)is any information used, or intended to be used, to identify a particular individual, including name, address, telephone number, email address, financial account number, and government-issued identifier.  Precise Location Datais information that describes the precise geographic location of a device derived through any technology that is capable of determining with reasonable specificity the actual physical location of an individual or device, such as GPS-level latitude-longitude coordinates or location-based Wi-Fi triangulation.  Retargetingis the practice of collecting data about a browser’s or device’s activity in one unaffiliated web domain or application for the purpose of delivering an advertisement based on that data in a different, unaffiliated web domain or application.  Sensitive Datameans and includes:  Social Security Numbers or other government-issued identifiers;Insurance plan numbers;Financial account numbers;Information about any past, present, or potential future health or medical conditions or treatments, including genetic, genomic, and family medical history based on, obtained or derived from pharmaceutical prescriptions or medical records, or similar health or medical sources that provide actual knowledge of a condition or treatment (the source is sensitive);Information, including inferences, about sensitive health or medical conditions or treatments, including but not limited to, all types of cancer, mental health-related conditions, and sexually transmitted diseases (the condition or treatment is sensitive regardless of the source); andSexual orientation. Servicesmeans the services as defined in the Main Agreement between Interested Party and GumGum.  Sub-processormeans any third party (including any Processor affiliate) appointed by or on behalf of Data Processor to process Personal Data on behalf of Interested Party in connection with an Agreement.  Viewed Content Advertisingis the collection of Viewed Content Information, or the use of such data for the purpose of tailoring advertising based on preferences or interests known or inferred from the data collected. Viewed Content Information is data about the video content viewed on a television.   For California Residents Only:GumGum provides two ways to exercise your rights: Compete the form atDO NOT SELLor call 866-I-OPT-OUT and enter service code 319 when prompted. To assure a timely and accurate response, we kindly ask that you contact us by selecting only one of these methods.  CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY  GumGum may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Laws, regulations and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed. If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, GumGum will provide additional notice, such as via email or through the Services.  CONTACT GUMGUM  Questions or concerns about this policy, please email us at:dataprivacy@gumgum.com.    GLOSSARY  Ad Delivery and Reporting (ADR)is separate and distinct from Personalized Advertising, and means the collection or use of data about a browser or device for the purpose of delivering ads or providing advertising-related services, including, but not limited to: providing a specific advertisement based on a particular type of browser, device, or time of day; statistical reporting, traffic analysis, analytics, optimization of ad placement; ad performance, reach, and frequency metrics (e.g., frequency capping); security and fraud prevention; billing; and logging the number and type of ads served on a particular day to a particular website, application, or device.  Applicable Lawsmeans laws, rules, directives, regulations issued or enacted by any government entity (including any domestic or foreign, supra-national, state, county, municipal, local, territorial or other government, which includes to the extent applicable, Directive 95/46/EC, Directive 2002/58/EC, European Commission decisions and guidance) each as transposed into domestic legislation of each Member State or other country and as amended, replaced or superseded from time to time, including by the GDPR and laws implementing or supplementing the GDPR, and any industry self-regulatory principles that are applicable in the location or region where the Services are provided or received, related to the Processing of Personal Data or the interception, recording or monitoring of communications.  CCPAmeans Assembly Bill 375 of the California House of Representatives, an act to add Title 1.81.5 (commencing with Section 1798.100) to Part 4 of Division 3 of the Civil Code, relating to privacy and approved by the California Governor on June 28, 2018 (California Consumer Protection Act, “CCPA”).  Comply with a legal or regulatory obligationmeans processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.  Cross-App Advertisingis the collection of data across applications owned or operated by different entities on a particular device for the purpose of delivering advertising based on preferences or interests known or inferred from the data collected.  Cross-Device Linkingis the practice of linking two or more devices or browsers used or likely used by the same user, for advertising purposes.  De-Identified Datais data that is not linked or intended to be linked to an individual, browser, or device.  Device-Identifiable Information (DII)Formerly referred to as “Non-PII,” Device-Identifiable Information (DII) is any data that is linked to a particular browser or device if that data is not used, or intended to be used, to identify a particular individual. DII may include, but is not limited to, unique identifiers associated with browsers or devices, such as cookie identifiers or advertising identifiers, and IP addresses, where such data is not linked or intended to be linked to PII. DII includes data that is linked to a series of browsers or devices linked through Cross-Device Linking, if that data is not used, or intended to be used, to identify a particular individual. DII does not include De- Identified Data.  EU Model Clausesmeans the standard contractual clauses approved by European Commission on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of Personal Data to Processors or Controllers established in third countries (but which shall exclude any contractual clauses designated by the European Commission as optional in that decision), as amended or replaced from time to time by the European Commission.  GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the Processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC; The terms, “Controller”, “Processor” “Data Subject”, “Member State”, “Personal Data” or “Data”, “Personal Data Breach”, and “Processing”, and “Supervisory Authorities” shall have the same meaning as in the GDPR, and their cognate terms shall be construed accordingly.  Interested Partymeans the party to the Main Agreement and on whose behalf GumGum processes the Personal Data of Interested Party or of Interested Party’s clients, whether received from Data Subjects/Consumers, third parties or Interested Party.  Interest-Based Advertisingmeans the collection of data across web domains owned or operated by different entities for the purpose of delivering advertising based on preferences or interests known or inferred from the data collected.  Legitimate Interestmeans the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted by law).  Main Agreementmeans the agreement between the Interested Party and GumGum whereby GumGum provides the Services and, in connection with the supply of such Services, engages in the processing of Personal Data of Data Subjects on behalf of Data Controller.  Opt-In ConsentOpt-In Consent is an affirmative action taken by an individual that manifests the intent to opt in.  Opt-Out Mechanismis an easy-to-use mechanism by which individuals may exercise choice to disallow Personalized Advertising with respect to a particular browser or device.  Performance of Contractmeans processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.  Personal Directory Datais calendar, address book, phone/text log, or photo/video data (including any associated metadata), or similar data created by a user that is stored on or accessed through a device.  Personalized Advertisingis a collective term for Interest-Based Advertising, Cross-App Advertising, and Retargeting, as well as any combination of these practices.  Personally-Identifiable Information (PII)is any information used, or intended to be used, to identify a particular individual, including name, address, telephone number, email address, financial account number, and government-issued identifier.  Precise Location Datais information that describes the precise geographic location of a device derived through any technology that is capable of determining with reasonable specificity the actual physical location of an individual or device, such as GPS-level latitude-longitude coordinates or location-based Wi-Fi triangulation.  Retargetingis the practice of collecting data about a browser’s or device’s activity in one unaffiliated web domain or application for the purpose of delivering an advertisement based on that data in a different, unaffiliated web domain or application.  Sensitive Datameans and includes:  Social Security Numbers or other government-issued identifiers;Insurance plan numbers;Financial account numbers;Information about any past, present, or potential future health or medical conditions or treatments, including genetic, genomic, and family medical history based on, obtained or derived from pharmaceutical prescriptions or medical records, or similar health or medical sources that provide actual knowledge of a condition or treatment (the source is sensitive);Information, including inferences, about sensitive health or medical conditions or treatments, including but not limited to, all types of cancer, mental health-related conditions, and sexually transmitted diseases (the condition or treatment is sensitive regardless of the source); andSexual orientation. Servicesmeans the services as defined in the Main Agreement between Interested Party and GumGum.  Sub-processormeans any third party (including any Processor affiliate) appointed by or on behalf of Data Processor to process Personal Data on behalf of Interested Party in connection with an Agreement.  Viewed Content Advertisingis the collection of Viewed Content Information, or the use of such data for the purpose of tailoring advertising based on preferences or interests known or inferred from the data collected. Viewed Content Information is data about the video content viewed on a television. 