Title: Harvard University
URL: https://gdpr.harvard.edu/eeaprivacydisclosures
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: website, policy, parties, address, user, privacy, harvard, services, wwwharvardedu, site, information, university

Reduced Policy:   We will provide you upon your reasonable, good faith request with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Data as part of our EEA Processing Activities, to the extent required by and in accordance with applicable law.  In certain cases, you may also have a right, with respect to your Personal Data collected and used in the EEA Processing Activities, to:  correct or update any of your Personal Data that is inaccurate;to restrict or limit the ways in which we use your Personal Data;to object to the processing of your Personal Data;to request the deletion of your Personal Data; andto obtain a copy of your Personal Data in an easily accessible format. To submit a request, please send an email message toEEADataSubjectRequest@harvard.edu.  Because we want to avoid taking action regarding your Personal Data at the direction of someone other than you, we will ask you for information verifying your identity.  We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.  You also have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Data as part of the EEA Processing Activities, where our processing is solely based on your consent, subject to certain limitations at law.  In some cases, you can do this by discontinuing use of the services involved in the EEA Processing Activities.  This would include by closing all of your online accounts with us and contacting us atEEADataSubjectRequest@harvard.eduto request that your Personal Data be deleted.  If you withdraw your consent to the use or sharing of your Personal Data for the purposes set out in these Disclosures or the other Harvard privacy statements that link to or expressly adopt these Disclosures, you may not have access to all (or any) of the related services, and we might not be able to provide you all (or any) of the services.  Please note that, in certain cases, we may continue to process your Personal Data after you have withdrawn consent and requested that we delete your Personal Data, if we have a legal basis to do so.  For example, we may retain certain data if we need to do so to comply with an independent legal obligation, if we still need the data for the lawful purposes for which we obtained the data, or if it is necessary to do so to pursue our legitimate interest in keeping our services and operations safe and secure.  If you have any complaints regarding our privacy practices, you have the right to make a complaint with your national data protection authority (i.e., supervisory authority). 