Title: 
URL: https://help.netflix.com/legal/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: privacy, information, service, netflix, provide, personal, account, cookies, devices, device

Reduced Policy:   You can request access to your personal information, or correct or update out-of-date or inaccurate personal information we hold about you. You may also request that we delete personal information that we hold about you.  When you visit the "Account" portion of our website, where you have the ability to access and update a broad range of information about your account, including your contact information, your Netflix payment information, and various                related information about your account (such as the content you have viewed and rated). You must be signed in to access the "Account" section.  If you are the account owner, to download a copy of your personal information go to:www.netflix.com/account/getmyinfo(you must be signed in to access the "Account"                section), and follow the instructions.  For other requests, or if you have a question regarding our privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office atprivacy@netflix.com.  For more information about how to access                your information, including our verification process, please reference this help article:help.netflix.com/node/100624. For information about deletion, removal and retention of information, please                reference this help article:help.netflix.com/node/100625. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data                protection laws. Please also see the "Your Choices" section of this Privacy Statement for additional choices regarding your information.  You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information; if we have collected and process your personal information with your                consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time; withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted                in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent; you have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. Our main establishment within the European Union is in                the Netherlands. Please visit our online help center athelp.netflix.comfor more information about these topics.  We may retain information as required or permitted by applicable laws and regulations, including to honor your choices, for our billing or records purposes and to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. We take reasonable                measures to destroy or de-identify personal information in a secure manner when it is no longer required.  Security  We use reasonable administrative, logical, physical and managerial measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and unauthorized access, use and modification. These measures are designed to provide a level of security                appropriate to the risks of processing your personal information.  Other Websites, Platforms and Applications  The Netflix service may be provided through and/or utilize features (such as voice controls) operated by third party platforms, or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ                from ours. For example, you may be able to access the Netflix service through platforms such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, set top boxes and a number of other Internet connected devices. These websites and platforms have                separate and independent privacy or data policies, privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. In addition, you may encounter third party applications that interact with the Netflix service.  Children  You must be 18 years of age or older to subscribe to the Netflix service. In certain jurisdictions, the age of majority may be older than 18, in which case, you must satisfy that age in order to become a member. While individuals under the                age of 18 may utilize the service, they may do so only with the involvement, supervision, and approval of a parent or legal guardian.  Changes to This Privacy Statement  We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements. We will provide notice of any such changes (including when they will take effect) in accordance with law. Your continued                use of the Netflix service after any such updates take effect will constitute acknowledgement and (as applicable) acceptance of those changes. If you do not wish to acknowledge or accept any updates to this Privacy Statement, you may cancel                your use of the Netflix service. To see when this Privacy Statement was last updated, please see the "Last Updated" section below.  Cookies and Internet Advertising  We and our Service Providers use cookies and other technologies (such as web beacons), as well as resettable device identifiers, for various reasons. We want you to be informed about our use of these technologies, so this section explains                the types of technologies we use, what they do, and your choices regarding their use.  Cookies and similar technologies, web beacons, and resettable device identifiers  Cookies are small data files that are commonly stored on your device when you browse and use websites and online services. We use other technologies such as browser storage and plugins (e.g., HTML5, IndexedDB, and WebSQL). Like cookies, these                other technologies may store small amounts of data on your device. Web beacons (also known as clear gifs or pixel tags) often work in conjunction with cookies. In many cases, declining cookies will impair the effectiveness of web beacons                associated with those cookies.  If you use the Netflix app on a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media device, we may collect a resettable device identifier from your device. Resettable device identifiers (also known as advertising identifiers) are similar to cookies                and are found on many mobile devices and tablets (for example, the "Identifier for Advertisers" (or IDFA) on Apple iOS devices and the "Google Advertising ID" on Android devices), and certain streaming media devices.                Like cookies, resettable device identifiers are used to make online advertising more relevant and for analytics and optimization purposes.  Why does Netflix use these technologies?  We use these types of technologies for various reasons, like making it easy to access our services by remembering you when you return; to provide, analyze, understand and enhance the use of our services; to enforce our terms, prevent fraud;                to improve site performance, monitor visitor traffic and actions on our site; and to deliver and tailor our marketing or advertising, and to understand interactions with our emails, marketing, and online ads on third party sites.  To help you better understand how we use cookies and resettable device identifiers, please see the information below:  Essential cookies:These cookies are strictly necessary to provide our website or online service. For example, we and our Service Providers may use these cookies to authenticate and identify our members when they use                        our websites and applications so we can provide our service to them. They also help us to enforce our Terms of Use, prevent fraud and maintain the security of our service.Performance and functionality cookies:These cookies help us to customize and enhance your online experience with Netflix. For example, they help us to remember your preferences and prevent you from needing to re-enter                        information you previously provided (for example, during member sign up). We also use these cookies to collect information (such as popular pages, conversion rates, viewing patterns, click-through and other information) about our                        visitors' use of the Netflix service so that we can enhance and personalize our website and service and conduct market research. Deletion of these types of cookies may result in limited functionality of our service.Advertising cookies and resettable device identifiers:These cookies and resettable device identifiers use information about your use of this and other websites and apps, your response to ads and emails, and to deliver                        ads that are more relevant to you and for analytics and optimization purposes. These types of ads are called "interest-based advertising." The advertising cookies associated with our service belong to our Service Providers.  In connection with our use of these technologies, some of the websites and apps where we advertise, as well as advertising technology companies that we use to purchase, deliver, optimize, and/or measure our advertisements (collectively “Advertising                Partners”), may receive limited information from us as part of our campaign targeting, measurement, and optimization (e.g., steps completed in sign-up and site visit or app open/install information).  Common uses of this type of information are to judge the effectiveness of and optimize ad campaigns, by allowing Advertising Partners to see when someone who saw an ad later signed up for our service.  Another common use is to make sure we                do not serve ads trying to get individuals to sign up for the Netflix service if they are already a Netflix user.  Netflix uses contractual and technical measures designed to prevent Advertising Partners from accessing information regarding specific title selections you make, URLs you land on, or shows you have watched on our service. We do not share information                about title selections or your shows you have watched on our service.  How can I exercise choice regarding these technologies?  To exercise choice regarding cookies  For more information about cookies set through our website, as well as other types of online tracking (including the collection of information by third parties about your online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online                services for online interest based advertising), and to exercise choices regarding them,click here. At this time, we do not respond                to web browser "do not track" signals.  To exercise choice regarding resettable device identifiers  To opt out of interest-based ads from Netflix in connection with a resettable device identifier on a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media devices, please configure the appropriate setting on your device (usually found under "privacy"                or "ads" in your device's settings). You may still see Netflix ads on your device, but they will not be tailored to your likely interests.  To exercise choice using self-regulatory program resources  Netflix supports the following self-regulatory programs, which provide additional privacy choices for interest-based advertising:  In the US:Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)In Europe:European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)In Canada:AdChoices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)/Choix de Pub: l'Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC)  To exercise choice regarding other technologies  There are a number of ways to exercise choice regarding technologies that are similar to cookies, such as browser storage and plugins (e.g., HTML5, IndexedDB, and WebSQL). For example, many popular browsers provide the ability to clear browser                storage, commonly in the settings or preferences area; see your browser's help function or support area to learn more. Other technologies, such as Silverlight storage, may be cleared from within the application.  To see the prior version of this document, please go towww.netflix.com/privacyupdates.         