Title: Privacy Policy
URL: http://humblebundle.com/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: personal, user, privacy, data, services, humble, party, policy, bundle, information, process

Reduced Policy:   You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell. To submit a verifiable request, please visithttps://dsar.humblebundle.comor emailprivacy@humblebundle.com  If you have an account with us, we will verify the request by confirming the email address used to make the request is the same as the email address on file for the account.  If you do not have an account with us, we will verify the request by sending an email to the email address used to make the request.  We may ask for additional information reasonably related to the request to verify the request.  (b) Collection of Personal Information  The categories of California consumers' Personal Information we may collect are listed above in Section 2 ("What Categories of Information We Process").  In reference to Section 2, we may collect Personal Details, Demographic Information, Contact Details, Consent Records, Purchase and Payment Details, Employer Details, Views and Opinions and User Information.  We may collect California consumers' Personal Information from the sources listed in Section 4 ("How We Collect User Information"). As defined in Section 4, this may be: Data You Provide; Business Relationship Data; Data You Make Public; Service Data; Widget Data; Content and Advertising Information; and Third Party Information.  We may obtain personal information from the following sources as defined in Section 2 ("What Categories of Information We Process"): GeoIP Data; ID; IDFA; IP address; ISP; SSID; IMSI; IMEI; Log files; Web Beacons; Pixel Tags; Local Shared Objects, such as Flash cookies, and Local Storage, such as HTML5, and equivalents.  We use this data for the purposes listed above in Section 5 ("Purposes for which we may Process your Personal Information") or for Direct Marketing as outlined in Section 6 ("Direct Marketing").  (c) Disclosure or Sale of Personal Information  We may and may have disclosed the categories of Personal Information listed in Section 9 ("What Information We Disclose to Third Parties") to our vendors, service providers and partners for a business purpose.  We may and may have disclosed Personal Information to the following categories of third parties for a business purpose:  third party Processors for the purpose of providing the Services to you;third party developers if you use the Humble Bundle widget on that developer's website to purchase a game;third party providers where our Services use third party advertising, plugins or content;third party providers to assist with the collection, storage and segmentation of Online Data.  These third party providers may collect User Information from our Services for their own purposes, including but not limited to, monitoring fraud around the web; andthird party sponsors of promotional giveaways and third party vendors involved in the administration of such events.  We have not sold any personal information to third parties for a commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months.  The Services are not intended for use by minors. We do not sell personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization.  (d) Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information  You have the right to request deletion of Personal Information collected or maintained by us.  To do so, please submit a request viahttps://dsar.humblebundle.comor emailprivacy@humblebundle.com.  If submitting a request by email, we may ask for additional information to verify your request.  (e) Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information  You have the right to opt-out of the sale of Personal Information by a business.  We do not sell your personal information.  (f) Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer's Privacy Rights  You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the business for exercising your privacy rights conferred to you by the California Consumer Privacy Act.  (g) Authorized Agent  To make a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act on a consumer's behalf, we require a signed authorization letter from the consumer toprivacy@humblebundle.com.  (h) Contact for More Information  If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies and practices, you may contact us viahttps://dsar.humblebundle.comor emailprivacy@humblebundle.com.  (i) Date Privacy Policy Last Updated  Our Privacy Policy was lasted updated as of the date indicated at the beginning of the policy.   You have the right to request deletion of Personal Information collected or maintained by us.  To do so, please submit a request viahttps://dsar.humblebundle.comor emailprivacy@humblebundle.com.  If submitting a request by email, we may ask for additional information to verify your request.  (e) Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information  You have the right to opt-out of the sale of Personal Information by a business.  We do not sell your personal information.  (f) Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer's Privacy Rights  You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the business for exercising your privacy rights conferred to you by the California Consumer Privacy Act.  (g) Authorized Agent  To make a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act on a consumer's behalf, we require a signed authorization letter from the consumer toprivacy@humblebundle.com.  (h) Contact for More Information  If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies and practices, you may contact us viahttps://dsar.humblebundle.comor emailprivacy@humblebundle.com.  (i) Date Privacy Policy Last Updated  Our Privacy Policy was lasted updated as of the date indicated at the beginning of the policy.   You have the right to opt-out of the sale of Personal Information by a business.  We do not sell your personal information.  (f) Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer's Privacy Rights  You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the business for exercising your privacy rights conferred to you by the California Consumer Privacy Act.  (g) Authorized Agent  To make a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act on a consumer's behalf, we require a signed authorization letter from the consumer toprivacy@humblebundle.com.  (h) Contact for More Information  If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies and practices, you may contact us viahttps://dsar.humblebundle.comor emailprivacy@humblebundle.com.  (i) Date Privacy Policy Last Updated  Our Privacy Policy was lasted updated as of the date indicated at the beginning of the policy.   You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the business for exercising your privacy rights conferred to you by the California Consumer Privacy Act.  (g) Authorized Agent  To make a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act on a consumer's behalf, we require a signed authorization letter from the consumer toprivacy@humblebundle.com.  (h) Contact for More Information  If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies and practices, you may contact us viahttps://dsar.humblebundle.comor emailprivacy@humblebundle.com.  (i) Date Privacy Policy Last Updated  Our Privacy Policy was lasted updated as of the date indicated at the beginning of the policy. 