Title: Privacy Policy
URL: http://investing.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: service, personal, provide, privacy, data, services, request, party, policy, information

Reduced Policy:   You have the right to access, correct, update or object to the use of your Personal Information by making a written request to Fusion Media by using our Contact Us page. Your requests will be dealt with in a prompt and professional manner and in accordance with applicable law.      For EU users:    Legal basis for processing  Processing of Personal Information is necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations towards you and providing you with our services, to protect our legitimate interests and to comply with our legal obligations.  Where we rely on your consent to process your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time – However, if we have shared your Personal Data based on your consent, you would need to address the entity with whom your data was shared to withdraw your consent. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your Personal Information, you have the right to object.  If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Information, please contact us through the contact details available below.    Since we operate globally, it may be necessary to transfer data, including Personal Information, to countries outside the European Union. In these instances, we will transfer your data only to such countries as approved by the European Commission as providing adequate level of data protection or enter into legal agreements ensuring an adequate level of data protection.    Please note that the following rights specifically apply regarding your personal information: (1) Receive confirmation as to whether or not personal information concerning you is being processed, and access your stored personal information, together with supplementary information; (2) Receive a copy of personal information you directly volunteer to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format; (3) Request rectification of your personal information that is in our control; (4) Request erasure of your personal information; (5) Object to the processing of personal information by us; (6) Request to restrict processing of your personal information by us; (7) Lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.    If you wish to exercise any of the abovementioned rights or raise a complaint on how we have handled your Personal Information, please contact us directly at:dpofficer@fusionmedialtd.com.  You may also contact us at:  Paseo de la Castellana 216 planta 14 Sur, Madrid 28046        Investing Privacy Notice for California Residents  Last Revised: August 3, 2020    Introduction  This notice (“Privacy Notice”) addresses the specific disclosure requirements under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100–1798.199) and the California Consumer Privacy Act Regulation by the Attorney General (collectively, “CCPA”). Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Privacy Notice.  Fusion Media Limited (“we”, “us”, “our” or the “Company”) provides disclosures for the 12 months preceding the date the Privacy Notice was last revised, as required by the CCPA vis-à-vis California residents.  This Privacy Notice outlines our practices with respect to the information we collect from you when you use the investing website (www.investing.com) and mobile app (“Service”), the manners in which we use such information and the choices available for you.  By accessing, downloading or using our Service, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the terms of this Privacy Notice. If you disagree to any term provided herein, please do not install or use the Service.  In addition to this policy, please also review ourPrivacy PolicyandTerms and Conditions, which this Privacy Notice is incorporated thereto by reference, along with such other policies of which you may be notified of by us from time to time.  In our Privacy Notice, you will learn about:  What Information We ProcessSources of Personal InformationBusiness/Commercial Purpose for CollectionSharing Personal InformationSelling Personal InformationUser Rights Under the CCPANon DiscriminationDo Not Track SignalsRecord KeepingChildren's InformationUpdates or Amendments to the Privacy NoticeHow to Contact Us  If you have a visual disability, you may be able to use a screen reader or other text-to-speech or text-to-Braille tool to review the contents of this Privacy Notice.    What Information We Process?  We may collect and process certain information that identifies an individual or may with reasonable effort identify an individual (“Personal Information”). We treat information that is specifically connected or linked to any Personal Information – as long as such connection or linkage exists – as Personal Information.  We may also disclose Personal Information we have collected with our service providers for a business purpose (as further detailed in “Business/Commercial Purpose for Collection” section below), subject to a contract that describes the purpose and restricts the use of Personal Information disclosed, or with other third parties for a commercial purpose, which may be considered a sale under the CCPA, as detailed in the following chart:  In the 12 preceding months, we have collected, disclosed and/or sold the following categories of Personal Information:    Category of Personal Information CollectedPersonal Information CollectedCategories of service providers to whom Personal Information was disclosedCategories of third parties to whom Personal Information was soldIdentifiersFull name, email address, physical address, IP,social media credentials and identifiersAffiliate CompaniesAd networksData analytics providersEmail and cloud providersAuditors and advisorsOther usersAd networksData analytics providersPersonal Information Categories listed in the California Customer Records Statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))Telephone numberAffiliate CompaniesEmail and cloud providersAuditors and advisorsProtected classification characteristics under California or federal lawDate of birthAffiliate CompaniesData analytics providersEmail and cloud providersAuditors and advisorsInternet or Other Electronic Network Activity InformationBrowsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.Affiliate CompaniesAd networksData analytics providersEmail and cloud providersAuditors and advisorsAd networksData analytics providersGeolocation DataApproximate geolocationAffiliate CompaniesAd networksData analytics providersEmail and cloud providersAuditors and advisorsAd networksData analytics providers    We may share or transfer Personal Information to third parties as assets that are part of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction in which the third party assumes control of all or part of the Company. Such transfer will be handled according to the requirement of the CCPA and shall not be regarded as a sale of Personal Information under the CCPA.      Sources of Personal Information  In the 12 preceding months, we have collected the above-mentioned categories of Personal Information from the following categories of sources:  Consumer directly;Advertising networks;Data analytics providers;Operating Systems;Social Networks;      Business/Commercial Purpose for Collection  Company only collects and processes Personal Information in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the purpose for which it was collected or authorized. As a general matter, for all categories of data we collect, we may use the information we collect (including Personal Information, to the extent applicable) to:  provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Service;enable you to access and use the Service;send transactional messages, including responses to your comments, questions, and requests; provide customer service and support; and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;send commercial communications, in accordance with your communication preferences, such as providing you with information about products and services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions and events about us and our partners; and send other news or information about us and our partners.monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Service and for marketing or advertising purposes;comply with legal obligations as well as to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Services, and other illegal activities;personalize the Service, including by providing features, content or ads that match your interests and preferences; andprocess for other purposes for which we obtain your consent.    User Rights under the CCPA  The CCPA provides consumers with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.    Access to Personal Information  You may request, up to two times each year, that we disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which your Personal Information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting your Personal Information, the categories of Personal Information that we disclosed for a business purpose, any categories of Personal Information about you that we sold, the categories of third-parties with whom we have shared your Personal Information, and the business or commercial purpose for selling your Personal Information, if applicable.    Deletion Requests  You have the right to request that we delete any Personal Information collected from you and retained, unless an exception applies.  Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers, subcontractors, and consultants to delete) your Personal Information, unless an exception applies.    Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information  In the event that we sell your Personal Information, you have the right to submit a request to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information. You may change your decision at any time and permit us to sell your Personal Information.  If you do not want us to sell your Personal Information to third parties, please click here or submit your request to our email address:dpofficer@fusionmedialtd.comor to our physical address in the “How to Contact Us” section below (please refer to the ‘Exercising Your Rights’section below).  After you opt-out, we may continue to share some Personal Information with our partners (who will function as our service providers in such instance) to help us perform business-related functions such as, but not limited to, providing the Service, ensuring that the Service is working correctly and securely, providing aggregate statistics and analytics and/or preventing fraud. If you access our Service from other devices or browsers, visit the links below from those devices or browsers to ensure your choice applies to the Personal Information collected when you use those devices or browsers.  Additionally, although clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link will opt you out of the sale of your Personal Information for advertising purposes, it will not opt you out of the use of previously collected and sold Personal or all interest-based advertising. If you would like more information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising in desktop and mobile browsers on a particular device, please visithttp://optout.aboutads.info/#/andhttp://optout.networkadvertising.org/#. You may also download the AppChoices app athttp://www.aboutads.info/appchoicesto opt-out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt-out.    Exercising Your Rights  You can exercise your rights (such as access and deletion) by submitting a verifiable consumer request to our email address:dpofficer@fusionmedialtd.comor to our physical address in the “How to Contact Us” section below.  Only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a consumer request related to your Personal Information.  The request must:  Provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.Describe your request with sufficient details to allow us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.  We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.  You may only request a copy of your data twice within a 12-month period.  If you have any general questions about the Personal Information that we collect about you how we use it, please contact us atdpofficer@fusionmedialtd.com.    Response Timing and Format  Our goal is to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing within the first 45 days' period. We will deliver our written response, by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will cover only the 12-month period preceding the request. If reasonably possible, we will provide your Personal Information in a format that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information without hindrance.  We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.  In case of rejection, the response we provide will explain the reasons for which we cannot comply with your request.  Please note that these CCPA rights are not absolute and requests are subject to any applicable legal requirements, including legal and ethical reporting or document retention obligations.    Designating Agents  You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf if:  The authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State of California; andYou sign a written declaration that you authorize the authorized agent to act on your behalf.  If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your right to know or your right to request deletion, please mail a certified copy of your written declaration authorizing the authorized agent to act on your behalf using the contact information below.  If you provide an authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, it may not be necessary to perform these steps and we will respond to any request from such authorized agent in accordance with the CCPA.    Non-Discrimination  You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy rights under the CCPA.  Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:  Deny you goods or services.Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.    Record Keeping  We will maintain records of consumer requests made pursuant to the CCPA and our responses to said requests for a minimum period of 24 months. Such information will be used for any other purpose other than records keeping requirements under the CCPA or other legal requirements such as law, court order, subpoena, warrant or other legal judicial process.  Below are metrics about the number of requests we received and the median number of days it took us to respond to such requests:  Type of RequestNumber of RequestsMedian Number of Days to RespondRight to KnowRight to DeleteRight to Opt-Out of a Sale    Children's Information  Our Service is not intended for minors below the age of 16 years or otherwise below the legal age for providing consent that is not subject to authorization by the holder of parental responsibility, in accordance with the laws in the jurisdiction your reside (“Age of Consent”), and we will not knowingly collect Personal Information from children. If we become aware that a user is under the age of Age of Consent, we will remove their information from our files. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that children are not using the Service.    Updates or Amendments to the Privacy Notice  We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. We will provide notice of substantial changes of this Privacy Notice on the Service and/or we will send you an e-mail regarding such changes to the e-mail address that you volunteered. Such substantial changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided on any of the above-mentioned methods. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy Notice are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” date, and your continued use of the Service after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.    How to Contact Us  If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Notice, you are welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer here:dpofficer@fusionmedialtd.comor through the following contact details:  Fusion Media Limited  Attn: Data Protection Officer  OMC Chambers  Wickhams Cay 1  Road Town,  Tortola,  British Virgin Islands  We will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe. Please feel free to reach out to us at any time.    For Brazilian users:  The processing of your personal information is not a condition for the use our Service. However, certain parts of our Service may not be available without processing of personal information.  If you reside in Brazil, under the Brazilian Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados) you have the following rights regarding your Personal Information: (1) Receive confirmation as to whether or not Personal Information concerning you is being processed; (2) Access to your stored Personal Information; (3) Request correction of incomplete, inaccurate or out-of-date Personal Information; (4) Request anonymization, blocking or deletion of unnecessary, excessive Personal Information; (5) Request data portability to another service provider or product, upon express request, as may be provided by the appropriate law; (6) Request deletion of Personal Information processed with your consent; (7) Obtain information about the public or private entities with whom we share your Personal Information; (8) Request information on the possibility of you not providing consent, as well as being informed about the consequences should consent not be given; (9) Revocation of your consent.  If you wish to exercise any of the abovementioned rights or raise a complaint on how we have handled your Personal Information, please contact us directly at:dpofficer@fusionmedialtd.com.  We will retain your personal information for the duration required to provide our Services, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies. Retention periods will be determined taking into account the type of information that is collected and the purpose for which it is collected, bearing in mind the requirements applicable to the situation and the need to destroy outdated, unused information at the earliest reasonable time. Under applicable regulations, we will keep records containing personal data, communications and anything else as required by applicable laws and regulations.  We may rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion.  Security and Confidentiality  The Company treats your Personal Information in strict confidentiality, and the server in which this data is to be stored includes the necessary industry-standard security measures to prevent accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access. However, we cannot completely guarantee the security of your information, which might be accessed, disclosed, modified, or destroyed, and it should be emphasized that you share this information at your own risk.    Links to Other Websites  This Privacy Policy applies only to the Service, and to our web tools which are integrated or implemented in other third party websites. The Policy does not apply to third party websites, linked to our Website. Third party websites or services may have their own privacy policies and we advise you to read them carefully. Inclusion of a link to a third party website or service is not a recommendation of such a website or service. Third party sites may contain information or services that are illegal or that some people may find inappropriate or offensive. Before using third party sites and services or before making a purchase, we recommend that you read and understand the privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third party websites and services, and the warranties for purchased products. You are knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks of using third party sites to purchase products and services. You acknowledge and agree that we shall have no liability whatsoever with respect to such third party sites and your use of them.    Assignment  Subject to applicable law, we may transfer or assign your information, without any notice, and without a need to receive your consent, to any third party as a result of change of control, consolidation, merger, acquisition or reorganization. You acknowledge that in the event of bankruptcy, insolvency or receivership, we may have no control over the use and transfer of your Personal Information.    Updates to this policy  This Privacy Policy is subject to modifications. Please check the “Last Modified” heading at the bottom of this document to see when this Privacy Policy was last updated. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Website. In case of material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide a notice in the Website. Your use of the Website or the Service, or your provision of personal information following any changes means that you accept the updated Privacy Policy.    Last modified: August 16, 2020   The CCPA provides consumers with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.    Access to Personal Information  You may request, up to two times each year, that we disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which your Personal Information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting your Personal Information, the categories of Personal Information that we disclosed for a business purpose, any categories of Personal Information about you that we sold, the categories of third-parties with whom we have shared your Personal Information, and the business or commercial purpose for selling your Personal Information, if applicable.    Deletion Requests  You have the right to request that we delete any Personal Information collected from you and retained, unless an exception applies.  Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers, subcontractors, and consultants to delete) your Personal Information, unless an exception applies.    Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information  In the event that we sell your Personal Information, you have the right to submit a request to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information. You may change your decision at any time and permit us to sell your Personal Information.  If you do not want us to sell your Personal Information to third parties, please click here or submit your request to our email address:dpofficer@fusionmedialtd.comor to our physical address in the “How to Contact Us” section below (please refer to the ‘Exercising Your Rights’section below).  After you opt-out, we may continue to share some Personal Information with our partners (who will function as our service providers in such instance) to help us perform business-related functions such as, but not limited to, providing the Service, ensuring that the Service is working correctly and securely, providing aggregate statistics and analytics and/or preventing fraud. If you access our Service from other devices or browsers, visit the links below from those devices or browsers to ensure your choice applies to the Personal Information collected when you use those devices or browsers.  Additionally, although clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link will opt you out of the sale of your Personal Information for advertising purposes, it will not opt you out of the use of previously collected and sold Personal or all interest-based advertising. If you would like more information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising in desktop and mobile browsers on a particular device, please visithttp://optout.aboutads.info/#/andhttp://optout.networkadvertising.org/#. You may also download the AppChoices app athttp://www.aboutads.info/appchoicesto opt-out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt-out.    Exercising Your Rights  You can exercise your rights (such as access and deletion) by submitting a verifiable consumer request to our email address:dpofficer@fusionmedialtd.comor to our physical address in the “How to Contact Us” section below.  Only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a consumer request related to your Personal Information.  The request must:  Provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.Describe your request with sufficient details to allow us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.  We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.  You may only request a copy of your data twice within a 12-month period.  If you have any general questions about the Personal Information that we collect about you how we use it, please contact us atdpofficer@fusionmedialtd.com.    Response Timing and Format  Our goal is to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing within the first 45 days' period. We will deliver our written response, by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will cover only the 12-month period preceding the request. If reasonably possible, we will provide your Personal Information in a format that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information without hindrance.  We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.  In case of rejection, the response we provide will explain the reasons for which we cannot comply with your request.  Please note that these CCPA rights are not absolute and requests are subject to any applicable legal requirements, including legal and ethical reporting or document retention obligations.    Designating Agents  You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf if:  The authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State of California; andYou sign a written declaration that you authorize the authorized agent to act on your behalf.  If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your right to know or your right to request deletion, please mail a certified copy of your written declaration authorizing the authorized agent to act on your behalf using the contact information below.  If you provide an authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, it may not be necessary to perform these steps and we will respond to any request from such authorized agent in accordance with the CCPA.    Non-Discrimination  You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy rights under the CCPA.  Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:  Deny you goods or services.Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.    Record Keeping  We will maintain records of consumer requests made pursuant to the CCPA and our responses to said requests for a minimum period of 24 months. Such information will be used for any other purpose other than records keeping requirements under the CCPA or other legal requirements such as law, court order, subpoena, warrant or other legal judicial process.  Below are metrics about the number of requests we received and the median number of days it took us to respond to such requests:  Type of RequestNumber of RequestsMedian Number of Days to RespondRight to KnowRight to DeleteRight to Opt-Out of a Sale    Children's Information  Our Service is not intended for minors below the age of 16 years or otherwise below the legal age for providing consent that is not subject to authorization by the holder of parental responsibility, in accordance with the laws in the jurisdiction your reside (“Age of Consent”), and we will not knowingly collect Personal Information from children. If we become aware that a user is under the age of Age of Consent, we will remove their information from our files. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that children are not using the Service.    Updates or Amendments to the Privacy Notice  We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. We will provide notice of substantial changes of this Privacy Notice on the Service and/or we will send you an e-mail regarding such changes to the e-mail address that you volunteered. Such substantial changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided on any of the above-mentioned methods. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy Notice are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” date, and your continued use of the Service after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.    How to Contact Us  If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Notice, you are welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer here:dpofficer@fusionmedialtd.comor through the following contact details:  Fusion Media Limited  Attn: Data Protection Officer  OMC Chambers  Wickhams Cay 1  Road Town,  Tortola,  British Virgin Islands  We will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe. Please feel free to reach out to us at any time.    For Brazilian users:  The processing of your personal information is not a condition for the use our Service. However, certain parts of our Service may not be available without processing of personal information.  If you reside in Brazil, under the Brazilian Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados) you have the following rights regarding your Personal Information: (1) Receive confirmation as to whether or not Personal Information concerning you is being processed; (2) Access to your stored Personal Information; (3) Request correction of incomplete, inaccurate or out-of-date Personal Information; (4) Request anonymization, blocking or deletion of unnecessary, excessive Personal Information; (5) Request data portability to another service provider or product, upon express request, as may be provided by the appropriate law; (6) Request deletion of Personal Information processed with your consent; (7) Obtain information about the public or private entities with whom we share your Personal Information; (8) Request information on the possibility of you not providing consent, as well as being informed about the consequences should consent not be given; (9) Revocation of your consent.  If you wish to exercise any of the abovementioned rights or raise a complaint on how we have handled your Personal Information, please contact us directly at:dpofficer@fusionmedialtd.com.  We will retain your personal information for the duration required to provide our Services, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies. Retention periods will be determined taking into account the type of information that is collected and the purpose for which it is collected, bearing in mind the requirements applicable to the situation and the need to destroy outdated, unused information at the earliest reasonable time. Under applicable regulations, we will keep records containing personal data, communications and anything else as required by applicable laws and regulations.  We may rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion.  Security and Confidentiality  The Company treats your Personal Information in strict confidentiality, and the server in which this data is to be stored includes the necessary industry-standard security measures to prevent accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access. However, we cannot completely guarantee the security of your information, which might be accessed, disclosed, modified, or destroyed, and it should be emphasized that you share this information at your own risk.    Links to Other Websites  This Privacy Policy applies only to the Service, and to our web tools which are integrated or implemented in other third party websites. The Policy does not apply to third party websites, linked to our Website. Third party websites or services may have their own privacy policies and we advise you to read them carefully. Inclusion of a link to a third party website or service is not a recommendation of such a website or service. Third party sites may contain information or services that are illegal or that some people may find inappropriate or offensive. Before using third party sites and services or before making a purchase, we recommend that you read and understand the privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third party websites and services, and the warranties for purchased products. You are knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks of using third party sites to purchase products and services. You acknowledge and agree that we shall have no liability whatsoever with respect to such third party sites and your use of them.    Assignment  Subject to applicable law, we may transfer or assign your information, without any notice, and without a need to receive your consent, to any third party as a result of change of control, consolidation, merger, acquisition or reorganization. You acknowledge that in the event of bankruptcy, insolvency or receivership, we may have no control over the use and transfer of your Personal Information.    Updates to this policy  This Privacy Policy is subject to modifications. Please check the “Last Modified” heading at the bottom of this document to see when this Privacy Policy was last updated. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Website. In case of material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide a notice in the Website. Your use of the Website or the Service, or your provision of personal information following any changes means that you accept the updated Privacy Policy.    Last modified: August 16, 2020   In the event that we sell your Personal Information, you have the right to submit a request to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information. You may change your decision at any time and permit us to sell your Personal Information.  If you do not want us to sell your Personal Information to third parties, please click here or submit your request to our email address:dpofficer@fusionmedialtd.comor to our physical address in the “How to Contact Us” section below (please refer to the ‘Exercising Your Rights’section below).  After you opt-out, we may continue to share some Personal Information with our partners (who will function as our service providers in such instance) to help us perform business-related functions such as, but not limited to, providing the Service, ensuring that the Service is working correctly and securely, providing aggregate statistics and analytics and/or preventing fraud. If you access our Service from other devices or browsers, visit the links below from those devices or browsers to ensure your choice applies to the Personal Information collected when you use those devices or browsers.  Additionally, although clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link will opt you out of the sale of your Personal Information for advertising purposes, it will not opt you out of the use of previously collected and sold Personal or all interest-based advertising. If you would like more information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising in desktop and mobile browsers on a particular device, please visithttp://optout.aboutads.info/#/andhttp://optout.networkadvertising.org/#. You may also download the AppChoices app athttp://www.aboutads.info/appchoicesto opt-out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt-out.    Exercising Your Rights  You can exercise your rights (such as access and deletion) by submitting a verifiable consumer request to our email address:dpofficer@fusionmedialtd.comor to our physical address in the “How to Contact Us” section below.  Only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a consumer request related to your Personal Information.  The request must:  Provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.Describe your request with sufficient details to allow us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.  We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.  You may only request a copy of your data twice within a 12-month period.  If you have any general questions about the Personal Information that we collect about you how we use it, please contact us atdpofficer@fusionmedialtd.com.    Response Timing and Format  Our goal is to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing within the first 45 days' period. We will deliver our written response, by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will cover only the 12-month period preceding the request. If reasonably possible, we will provide your Personal Information in a format that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information without hindrance.  We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.  In case of rejection, the response we provide will explain the reasons for which we cannot comply with your request.  Please note that these CCPA rights are not absolute and requests are subject to any applicable legal requirements, including legal and ethical reporting or document retention obligations.    Designating Agents  You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf if:  The authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State of California; andYou sign a written declaration that you authorize the authorized agent to act on your behalf.  If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your right to know or your right to request deletion, please mail a certified copy of your written declaration authorizing the authorized agent to act on your behalf using the contact information below.  If you provide an authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, it may not be necessary to perform these steps and we will respond to any request from such authorized agent in accordance with the CCPA.    Non-Discrimination  You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy rights under the CCPA.  Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:  Deny you goods or services.Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.    Record Keeping  We will maintain records of consumer requests made pursuant to the CCPA and our responses to said requests for a minimum period of 24 months. Such information will be used for any other purpose other than records keeping requirements under the CCPA or other legal requirements such as law, court order, subpoena, warrant or other legal judicial process.  Below are metrics about the number of requests we received and the median number of days it took us to respond to such requests:  Type of RequestNumber of RequestsMedian Number of Days to RespondRight to KnowRight to DeleteRight to Opt-Out of a Sale    Children's Information  Our Service is not intended for minors below the age of 16 years or otherwise below the legal age for providing consent that is not subject to authorization by the holder of parental responsibility, in accordance with the laws in the jurisdiction your reside (“Age of Consent”), and we will not knowingly collect Personal Information from children. If we become aware that a user is under the age of Age of Consent, we will remove their information from our files. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that children are not using the Service.    Updates or Amendments to the Privacy Notice  We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. We will provide notice of substantial changes of this Privacy Notice on the Service and/or we will send you an e-mail regarding such changes to the e-mail address that you volunteered. Such substantial changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided on any of the above-mentioned methods. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy Notice are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” date, and your continued use of the Service after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.    How to Contact Us  If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Notice, you are welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer here:dpofficer@fusionmedialtd.comor through the following contact details:  Fusion Media Limited  Attn: Data Protection Officer  OMC Chambers  Wickhams Cay 1  Road Town,  Tortola,  British Virgin Islands  We will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe. Please feel free to reach out to us at any time.    For Brazilian users:  The processing of your personal information is not a condition for the use our Service. However, certain parts of our Service may not be available without processing of personal information.  If you reside in Brazil, under the Brazilian Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados) you have the following rights regarding your Personal Information: (1) Receive confirmation as to whether or not Personal Information concerning you is being processed; (2) Access to your stored Personal Information; (3) Request correction of incomplete, inaccurate or out-of-date Personal Information; (4) Request anonymization, blocking or deletion of unnecessary, excessive Personal Information; (5) Request data portability to another service provider or product, upon express request, as may be provided by the appropriate law; (6) Request deletion of Personal Information processed with your consent; (7) Obtain information about the public or private entities with whom we share your Personal Information; (8) Request information on the possibility of you not providing consent, as well as being informed about the consequences should consent not be given; (9) Revocation of your consent.  If you wish to exercise any of the abovementioned rights or raise a complaint on how we have handled your Personal Information, please contact us directly at:dpofficer@fusionmedialtd.com.  We will retain your personal information for the duration required to provide our Services, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies. Retention periods will be determined taking into account the type of information that is collected and the purpose for which it is collected, bearing in mind the requirements applicable to the situation and the need to destroy outdated, unused information at the earliest reasonable time. Under applicable regulations, we will keep records containing personal data, communications and anything else as required by applicable laws and regulations.  We may rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion.  Security and Confidentiality  The Company treats your Personal Information in strict confidentiality, and the server in which this data is to be stored includes the necessary industry-standard security measures to prevent accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access. However, we cannot completely guarantee the security of your information, which might be accessed, disclosed, modified, or destroyed, and it should be emphasized that you share this information at your own risk.    Links to Other Websites  This Privacy Policy applies only to the Service, and to our web tools which are integrated or implemented in other third party websites. The Policy does not apply to third party websites, linked to our Website. Third party websites or services may have their own privacy policies and we advise you to read them carefully. Inclusion of a link to a third party website or service is not a recommendation of such a website or service. Third party sites may contain information or services that are illegal or that some people may find inappropriate or offensive. Before using third party sites and services or before making a purchase, we recommend that you read and understand the privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third party websites and services, and the warranties for purchased products. You are knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks of using third party sites to purchase products and services. You acknowledge and agree that we shall have no liability whatsoever with respect to such third party sites and your use of them.    Assignment  Subject to applicable law, we may transfer or assign your information, without any notice, and without a need to receive your consent, to any third party as a result of change of control, consolidation, merger, acquisition or reorganization. You acknowledge that in the event of bankruptcy, insolvency or receivership, we may have no control over the use and transfer of your Personal Information.    Updates to this policy  This Privacy Policy is subject to modifications. Please check the “Last Modified” heading at the bottom of this document to see when this Privacy Policy was last updated. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Website. In case of material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide a notice in the Website. Your use of the Website or the Service, or your provision of personal information following any changes means that you accept the updated Privacy Policy.    Last modified: August 16, 2020   You can exercise your rights (such as access and deletion) by submitting a verifiable consumer request to our email address:dpofficer@fusionmedialtd.comor to our physical address in the “How to Contact Us” section below.  Only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a consumer request related to your Personal Information.  The request must:  Provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.Describe your request with sufficient details to allow us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.  We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.  You may only request a copy of your data twice within a 12-month period.  If you have any general questions about the Personal Information that we collect about you how we use it, please contact us atdpofficer@fusionmedialtd.com.    Response Timing and Format  Our goal is to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing within the first 45 days' period. We will deliver our written response, by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will cover only the 12-month period preceding the request. If reasonably possible, we will provide your Personal Information in a format that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information without hindrance.  We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.  In case of rejection, the response we provide will explain the reasons for which we cannot comply with your request.  Please note that these CCPA rights are not absolute and requests are subject to any applicable legal requirements, including legal and ethical reporting or document retention obligations.    Designating Agents  You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf if:  The authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State of California; andYou sign a written declaration that you authorize the authorized agent to act on your behalf.  If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your right to know or your right to request deletion, please mail a certified copy of your written declaration authorizing the authorized agent to act on your behalf using the contact information below.  If you provide an authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, it may not be necessary to perform these steps and we will respond to any request from such authorized agent in accordance with the CCPA.    Non-Discrimination  You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy rights under the CCPA.  Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:  Deny you goods or services.Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.    Record Keeping  We will maintain records of consumer requests made pursuant to the CCPA and our responses to said requests for a minimum period of 24 months. Such information will be used for any other purpose other than records keeping requirements under the CCPA or other legal requirements such as law, court order, subpoena, warrant or other legal judicial process.  Below are metrics about the number of requests we received and the median number of days it took us to respond to such requests:  Type of RequestNumber of RequestsMedian Number of Days to RespondRight to KnowRight to DeleteRight to Opt-Out of a Sale    Children's Information  Our Service is not intended for minors below the age of 16 years or otherwise below the legal age for providing consent that is not subject to authorization by the holder of parental responsibility, in accordance with the laws in the jurisdiction your reside (“Age of Consent”), and we will not knowingly collect Personal Information from children. If we become aware that a user is under the age of Age of Consent, we will remove their information from our files. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that children are not using the Service.    Updates or Amendments to the Privacy Notice  We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. We will provide notice of substantial changes of this Privacy Notice on the Service and/or we will send you an e-mail regarding such changes to the e-mail address that you volunteered. Such substantial changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided on any of the above-mentioned methods. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy Notice are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” date, and your continued use of the Service after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.    How to Contact Us  If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Notice, you are welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer here:dpofficer@fusionmedialtd.comor through the following contact details:  Fusion Media Limited  Attn: Data Protection Officer  OMC Chambers  Wickhams Cay 1  Road Town,  Tortola,  British Virgin Islands  We will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe. Please feel free to reach out to us at any time.    For Brazilian users:  The processing of your personal information is not a condition for the use our Service. However, certain parts of our Service may not be available without processing of personal information.  If you reside in Brazil, under the Brazilian Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados) you have the following rights regarding your Personal Information: (1) Receive confirmation as to whether or not Personal Information concerning you is being processed; (2) Access to your stored Personal Information; (3) Request correction of incomplete, inaccurate or out-of-date Personal Information; (4) Request anonymization, blocking or deletion of unnecessary, excessive Personal Information; (5) Request data portability to another service provider or product, upon express request, as may be provided by the appropriate law; (6) Request deletion of Personal Information processed with your consent; (7) Obtain information about the public or private entities with whom we share your Personal Information; (8) Request information on the possibility of you not providing consent, as well as being informed about the consequences should consent not be given; (9) Revocation of your consent.  If you wish to exercise any of the abovementioned rights or raise a complaint on how we have handled your Personal Information, please contact us directly at:dpofficer@fusionmedialtd.com.  We will retain your personal information for the duration required to provide our Services, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies. Retention periods will be determined taking into account the type of information that is collected and the purpose for which it is collected, bearing in mind the requirements applicable to the situation and the need to destroy outdated, unused information at the earliest reasonable time. Under applicable regulations, we will keep records containing personal data, communications and anything else as required by applicable laws and regulations.  We may rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion.  Security and Confidentiality  The Company treats your Personal Information in strict confidentiality, and the server in which this data is to be stored includes the necessary industry-standard security measures to prevent accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access. However, we cannot completely guarantee the security of your information, which might be accessed, disclosed, modified, or destroyed, and it should be emphasized that you share this information at your own risk.    Links to Other Websites  This Privacy Policy applies only to the Service, and to our web tools which are integrated or implemented in other third party websites. The Policy does not apply to third party websites, linked to our Website. Third party websites or services may have their own privacy policies and we advise you to read them carefully. Inclusion of a link to a third party website or service is not a recommendation of such a website or service. Third party sites may contain information or services that are illegal or that some people may find inappropriate or offensive. Before using third party sites and services or before making a purchase, we recommend that you read and understand the privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third party websites and services, and the warranties for purchased products. You are knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks of using third party sites to purchase products and services. You acknowledge and agree that we shall have no liability whatsoever with respect to such third party sites and your use of them.    Assignment  Subject to applicable law, we may transfer or assign your information, without any notice, and without a need to receive your consent, to any third party as a result of change of control, consolidation, merger, acquisition or reorganization. You acknowledge that in the event of bankruptcy, insolvency or receivership, we may have no control over the use and transfer of your Personal Information.    Updates to this policy  This Privacy Policy is subject to modifications. Please check the “Last Modified” heading at the bottom of this document to see when this Privacy Policy was last updated. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Website. In case of material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide a notice in the Website. Your use of the Website or the Service, or your provision of personal information following any changes means that you accept the updated Privacy Policy.    Last modified: August 16, 2020 