Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://jimdofree.com/info/privacy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: website, google, gdpr, processing, jimdo, user, privacy, data, users, policy, information, article

Reduced Policy:  (i.e. Jimdo user or Jimdo Site Visitor, hereinafter referred to collectively as “Jimdo user”) According to the relevant legislation, including the GDPR, the Jimdo user and site visitors have certain rights in relation to their personal data that is processed by Jimdo. In particular, they have a right to information, correction, transferability ordeletionof their data. The Jimdo user also has the right to object to certain processing of their data. In some cases, it will not be possible to change or remove content after it has been published on the Jimdo website. Upon receipt of such request, Jimdo may close the corresponding Jimdo Account and remove the offending personal information from public areas as soon as possible based on account activity and applicable law. The legal right to information, correction or deletion of personal data remains unaffected. Information and Access The Jimdo user can usually access, verify and edit their personal information in their Jimdo account by logging in and directly updating or deleting the appropriate information. We are happy to inform you, which personal data we have stored on you, as well as any fees incurred under applicable law. The information will be processed by us immediately and is usually sent via email. In order to receive detailed information, please inform us as far as possible as to the type of personal data requested. To be sure that the requesting person is also the person whom they claim to be, we require proof of identity. This can be a copy of an official identity document. Please ensure that serial numbers, passport numbers or similar are blackened out or removed. We use this copy solely for identification and processing of the request and delete it as soon as it has served its purpose. Right to Object Insofar as the Jimdo user’s or site visitor’s data is collected on the basis of Jimdo’s legitimate interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, the Jimdo user/site visitor may object to the future processing of their data in accordance with Article 21 GDPR at any time, for the future. The objection may in particular be expressed against processing for direct marketing purposes (via sending an email toprivacy@jimdo.comor unsubscribing directly from such communications via the unsubscribe link in every mail). A corresponding note as regards the Jimdo Newsletter unsubscription process can be found in every newsletter email. If the Jimdo user makes use of his right to object, Jimdo will stop the processing of the data concerned. However, further processing is reserved if we can demonstrate compelling legitimate reasons for the processing that outweighs the interests of the Jimdo user, their fundamental rights and freedoms, or if the processing serves the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims. If Jimdo is asked to cease all or any part of the processing of the personal information, or if the Jimdo user revokes his consent (if any) to the use or disclosure of their personal information for purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, Jimdo may cease to be able to provide all Jimdo services to the Jimdo user. The Jimdo user also has the right to object to the processing personal data that is used for statistical purposes in accordance with Article 89 (1) GDPR for reasons that arise from their particular situation via a simple email to that effect sent toprivacy@jimdo.com. Right to Data Portability In certain cases, which are listed in detail in Art. 20 GDPR, the site visitor or the Jimdo user has the right to receive personal data concerning him or her, in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to have this data transferred to a third party upon demand. Exercising your Rights In order to exercise these and other data subject right,, an affected party may, at any time, contact Jimdo via the following contact addressprivacy@jimdo.com. Where the Jimdo User exercises his or her legal right to access, correction or deletion of their personal information, Jimdo may, under certain circumstances in particular where legally obliged to so, refuse to provide such information or refuse to correct or delete your personal information. However, Jimdo will give the reasons in these cases. Right to Lodge a Complaint Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, the Jimdo user has the right to lodge a complaint with a relevant supervisory authority in accordance with Article 77 GDPR, in particular in the Member State of the user’s place of residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement, if the Jimdo user is of the opinion that the processing of his personal data has not occurred in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. Data Security The Jimdo User's information is protected by the Jimdo technical and organizational security measures to minimize risks associated with their loss, misuse, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure and alteration of their and all users data. For example, we use firewalls and data encryption, as well as physical access restrictions for our data centers and data access authorization controls. Changes to this Privacy Policy Jimdo reserves the right to change this privacy policy should this be necessary due to a change in legislation or as a result of further or changed services used or offered by Jimdo. The current version can always be located on this page. If Jimdo intends to process the data of the Jimdo user for purposes other than those for which they were collected, we will inform the Jimdo user in advance, in accordance with the law. In the event of any deviations resulting from the translation, the formulation set forth in the German version shall prevail. Insofar as the Jimdo user’s or site visitor’s data is collected on the basis of Jimdo’s legitimate interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, the Jimdo user/site visitor may object to the future processing of their data in accordance with Article 21 GDPR at any time, for the future. The objection may in particular be expressed against processing for direct marketing purposes (via sending an email toprivacy@jimdo.comor unsubscribing directly from such communications via the unsubscribe link in every mail). A corresponding note as regards the Jimdo Newsletter unsubscription process can be found in every newsletter email. If the Jimdo user makes use of his right to object, Jimdo will stop the processing of the data concerned. However, further processing is reserved if we can demonstrate compelling legitimate reasons for the processing that outweighs the interests of the Jimdo user, their fundamental rights and freedoms, or if the processing serves the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims. If Jimdo is asked to cease all or any part of the processing of the personal information, or if the Jimdo user revokes his consent (if any) to the use or disclosure of their personal information for purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, Jimdo may cease to be able to provide all Jimdo services to the Jimdo user. The Jimdo user also has the right to object to the processing personal data that is used for statistical purposes in accordance with Article 89 (1) GDPR for reasons that arise from their particular situation via a simple email to that effect sent toprivacy@jimdo.com. Right to Data Portability In certain cases, which are listed in detail in Art. 20 GDPR, the site visitor or the Jimdo user has the right to receive personal data concerning him or her, in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to have this data transferred to a third party upon demand. Exercising your Rights In order to exercise these and other data subject right,, an affected party may, at any time, contact Jimdo via the following contact addressprivacy@jimdo.com. Where the Jimdo User exercises his or her legal right to access, correction or deletion of their personal information, Jimdo may, under certain circumstances in particular where legally obliged to so, refuse to provide such information or refuse to correct or delete your personal information. However, Jimdo will give the reasons in these cases. Right to Lodge a Complaint Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, the Jimdo user has the right to lodge a complaint with a relevant supervisory authority in accordance with Article 77 GDPR, in particular in the Member State of the user’s place of residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement, if the Jimdo user is of the opinion that the processing of his personal data has not occurred in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. Data Security The Jimdo User's information is protected by the Jimdo technical and organizational security measures to minimize risks associated with their loss, misuse, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure and alteration of their and all users data. For example, we use firewalls and data encryption, as well as physical access restrictions for our data centers and data access authorization controls. Changes to this Privacy Policy Jimdo reserves the right to change this privacy policy should this be necessary due to a change in legislation or as a result of further or changed services used or offered by Jimdo. The current version can always be located on this page. If Jimdo intends to process the data of the Jimdo user for purposes other than those for which they were collected, we will inform the Jimdo user in advance, in accordance with the law. In the event of any deviations resulting from the translation, the formulation set forth in the German version shall prevail. In certain cases, which are listed in detail in Art. 20 GDPR, the site visitor or the Jimdo user has the right to receive personal data concerning him or her, in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to have this data transferred to a third party upon demand. Exercising your Rights In order to exercise these and other data subject right,, an affected party may, at any time, contact Jimdo via the following contact addressprivacy@jimdo.com. Where the Jimdo User exercises his or her legal right to access, correction or deletion of their personal information, Jimdo may, under certain circumstances in particular where legally obliged to so, refuse to provide such information or refuse to correct or delete your personal information. However, Jimdo will give the reasons in these cases. Right to Lodge a Complaint Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, the Jimdo user has the right to lodge a complaint with a relevant supervisory authority in accordance with Article 77 GDPR, in particular in the Member State of the user’s place of residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement, if the Jimdo user is of the opinion that the processing of his personal data has not occurred in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. Data Security The Jimdo User's information is protected by the Jimdo technical and organizational security measures to minimize risks associated with their loss, misuse, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure and alteration of their and all users data. For example, we use firewalls and data encryption, as well as physical access restrictions for our data centers and data access authorization controls. Changes to this Privacy Policy Jimdo reserves the right to change this privacy policy should this be necessary due to a change in legislation or as a result of further or changed services used or offered by Jimdo. The current version can always be located on this page. If Jimdo intends to process the data of the Jimdo user for purposes other than those for which they were collected, we will inform the Jimdo user in advance, in accordance with the law. In the event of any deviations resulting from the translation, the formulation set forth in the German version shall prevail. In order to exercise these and other data subject right,, an affected party may, at any time, contact Jimdo via the following contact addressprivacy@jimdo.com. Where the Jimdo User exercises his or her legal right to access, correction or deletion of their personal information, Jimdo may, under certain circumstances in particular where legally obliged to so, refuse to provide such information or refuse to correct or delete your personal information. However, Jimdo will give the reasons in these cases. Right to Lodge a Complaint Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, the Jimdo user has the right to lodge a complaint with a relevant supervisory authority in accordance with Article 77 GDPR, in particular in the Member State of the user’s place of residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement, if the Jimdo user is of the opinion that the processing of his personal data has not occurred in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. Data Security The Jimdo User's information is protected by the Jimdo technical and organizational security measures to minimize risks associated with their loss, misuse, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure and alteration of their and all users data. For example, we use firewalls and data encryption, as well as physical access restrictions for our data centers and data access authorization controls. Changes to this Privacy Policy Jimdo reserves the right to change this privacy policy should this be necessary due to a change in legislation or as a result of further or changed services used or offered by Jimdo. The current version can always be located on this page. If Jimdo intends to process the data of the Jimdo user for purposes other than those for which they were collected, we will inform the Jimdo user in advance, in accordance with the law. In the event of any deviations resulting from the translation, the formulation set forth in the German version shall prevail. Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, the Jimdo user has the right to lodge a complaint with a relevant supervisory authority in accordance with Article 77 GDPR, in particular in the Member State of the user’s place of residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement, if the Jimdo user is of the opinion that the processing of his personal data has not occurred in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. Data Security The Jimdo User's information is protected by the Jimdo technical and organizational security measures to minimize risks associated with their loss, misuse, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure and alteration of their and all users data. For example, we use firewalls and data encryption, as well as physical access restrictions for our data centers and data access authorization controls. Changes to this Privacy Policy Jimdo reserves the right to change this privacy policy should this be necessary due to a change in legislation or as a result of further or changed services used or offered by Jimdo. The current version can always be located on this page. If Jimdo intends to process the data of the Jimdo user for purposes other than those for which they were collected, we will inform the Jimdo user in advance, in accordance with the law. In the event of any deviations resulting from the translation, the formulation set forth in the German version shall prevail.