Title: Mailchimp’s Privacy Policy
URL: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: collect, contact, data, mailchimp, personal, information, service, privacy, provide, policy, mailchimps, email

Reduced Policy:   Depending on the country in which you reside, you may have the following data protection rights:  To access; correct; update; port; delete; restrict; or object to our processing of your Personal Information.You can manage your individual account and profile settings within the dashboard provided through the Mailchimp platform, or you may contact us directly by emailing us at personaldatarequests@mailchimp.com. You can also manage information about your Contacts within the dashboard provided through the Mailchimp platform to assist you with responding to requests to access, correct, update, port or delete information that you receive from your Contacts. Note, if any of your Contacts wish to exercise any of these rights, they should contact you directly, or contact us as described in the “Privacy for Contacts” section below. You can also contact us at any time to update your own marketing preferences (see Section 5. General Information, C. Your Choices and Opt-Outs below). Mailchimp takes reasonable steps to ensure that the data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and up to date.The right to complain to a data protection authority about the collection and use of Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA and UK are availablehereand Switzerland are availablehere.Similarly, if Personal Information is collected or processed on the basis of consent, the data subject can withdraw their consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. If you receive these requests from Contacts, you can segment your lists within the Mailchimp platform to ensure that you only market to Contacts who have not opted out of receiving such marketing.  We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection law. We may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request. If we receive a request from one of your Contacts, we will either direct the Contact to reach out to you, or, if appropriate, we may respond directly to their request.   Depending on the country in which you reside, you may have the following data protection rights:  To access; correct; update; port; delete; restrict or object to our processing of your Personal Information.For more information about how you can exercise these rights, please see our Data Subject Requestsform. You also have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA are availablehere.  As described above, for much of the Personal Information we collect and process about Contacts through the Service, we act as a processor on behalf of ourMembers. In such cases, if you are a Contact and want to exercise any data protection rights that may be available to you under applicable law or have questions or concerns about how your Personal Information is handled by Mailchimp as a processor on behalf of our individual Members, you should contact the relevant Member that is using the Mailchimp Service, and refer to their separate privacy policies.  If you no longer want to be contacted by one of our Members through our Service, please unsubscribe directly from that Member’s newsletter or contact the Member directly to update or delete your data. If you contact us directly, we may either forward your request to  the relevant Member or provide you with the identity of the Member to enable you to contact them directly.  We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request.   Depending on the country in which you reside, you may have the following data protection rights:  To access; correct; update; port; delete; restrict or object to our processing of your Personal Information. You can exercise these rights by visitingthis pageor by emailing personaldatarequests@mailchimp.com.You may also have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA are availablehere.Similarly, if we have collected and processed your Personal Information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. You can also contact us at any time to update your marketing preferences (see Section 5. General Information, C. Your Choices and Opt-Outs below).  We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request. 