Title: Mobile & Web User Analytics
URL: https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: mixpanel, collect, web, personal, data, services, cookies, application, site, analytics, privacy, information, mobile, user
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   If you are a California resident and the processing of personal information about you is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), beginning January 2020, you have certain rights with respect to that information. In particular, you have a right to request that we provide you with the following information:  The categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;The categories of sources from which we collect personal information;The purposes for collecting, using, or selling personal information;The categories of third parties with which we share personal information;For companies that disclose personal information for a business purpose, the categories of personal information disclosed about you for a business purpose; andFor companies that “sell” personal information, the categories of personal information sold about you and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to which the personal information was sold.  To make such requests, contact us atcompliance@mixpanel.comor the other contact information set out below. Note that we have provided the information described in (2)-(5) in this privacy statement. Concerning (6) above, we do not “sell” personal information as defined by the CCPA.  You also have a right to request that we delete personal information under certain circumstances, subject to several exceptions. Finally, you have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising rights set out in the CCPA.  EUROPEAN DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS  If the processing of personal information about you is subject to European Union data protection law, you have certain rights with respect to that information:  You can request access to, and rectification or erasure of, personal information;If any automated processing of personal data is done with your consent or under a contract with you, you have a right to transfer or receive a copy of the personal information in a usable and portable format;If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, you can withdraw consent at any time for future processing;You can to object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of personal information under certain circumstances; andFor residents of France, you can send us specific instructions regarding the use of your data after your death.  To make such requests or contact our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) atdpo@mixpanel.comor at the contact information set out below. We process data as a processor on behalf of our Customers. If you are a customer of our Customer, you should put requests to them or contact them. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns.  We may rely on different lawful bases for collecting and processing personal information about you, for example, with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests.  EU-U.S. PRIVACY SHIELD AND SWISS-U.S. PRIVACY SHIELD  Mixpanel participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework for its collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. Mixpanel is committed to subjecting all personal data received from EU member countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, respectively, to the Frameworks’ applicable principles (“Principles”). If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Statement and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, or to check our status, visit the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website athttps://www.privacyshield.gov/Program-Overview.  Mixpanel is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. If third-party agents process personal information on our behalf in a manner inconsistent with the principles of either Privacy Shield Framework, we remain liable unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Mixpanel complies with the Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.  With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to each Privacy Shield Framework, Mixpanel is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Mixpanel may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.  In compliance with the Principles, Mixpanel commits to resolve any complaints about your privacy and our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information. If you have any inquiries or complaints regarding this Statement or our compliance with Privacy Shield, you should first contact Mixpanel at the contact information set forth below.  You may have the right to access or submit requests to review, correct, update, or delete your personal information. You can ask to review of correct personal information that we maintain about you by sending a written request tocompliance@mixpanel.com. We may limit or deny access to personal information where providing such access to unreasonably burdensome, expensive under the circumstances, or as otherwise permitted by the Privacy Shield Principles.  Individuals who submit an inquiry or complaint to Mixpanel but do not receive an acknowledgment from us or think the complaint or concern has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact our US-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) athttps://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. You must include the following information: the name of the company, the alleged privacy violation, your contact information, and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company. Under certain conditions, more fully describedhere, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. In addition, the US Federal Trade Commission is the statutory body that has jurisdiction to hear any claims against Mixpanel regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations governing privacy.  LOCATION OF PERSONAL DATA  The personal information we collect may be stored and processed in your country or region, or in any other country where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers maintain facilities. Currently, we primarily use data centers in the United States. The storage location is chosen to operate efficiently and improve performance. We take steps designed to ensure that the personal information we collect under this Statement is processed according to the provisions of this Statement and applicable law wherever the data is located.  Location of Processing European Personal Data. We transfer personal information from the European Economic Area and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. When we do so, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of personal data protection, please visithttps://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en.  RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA  We retain personal information or personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and other legitimate and lawful business purposes. These needs can vary for different information types in the context of different products. Accordingly, our actual retention periods can vary significantly based on criteria such as user expectations or consent, the sensitivity of the information, the availability of automated controls that enable users to delete data, and our legal or contractual obligations.  CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT  Mixpanel may change this Statement from time to time to reflect changes in our offerings, how we collect, use, or disclose personal information, or applicable law. If we make any changes to this Statement, we will change the “Last Updated” date above. If we make any material changes, we will provide notice or obtain consent regarding such modifications as may be required by law.  HOW TO CONTACT US  If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or a question for Mixpanel please contact our privacy program atcompliance@mixpanel.com. If you have concerns, complaints, or questions please contact our DPOs at:  Global DPO. Mixpanel, Inc., Attn: Global DPO, One Front Street, 28th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111, USA. Email todpo@mixpanel.com.EEA DPO. Mixpanel, S.L., Attn: EEA DPO, 92, 75 Av. de Champs-Elysees, 75008 Paris, France. Email todpo@mixpanel.com.   If the processing of personal information about you is subject to European Union data protection law, you have certain rights with respect to that information:  You can request access to, and rectification or erasure of, personal information;If any automated processing of personal data is done with your consent or under a contract with you, you have a right to transfer or receive a copy of the personal information in a usable and portable format;If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, you can withdraw consent at any time for future processing;You can to object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of personal information under certain circumstances; andFor residents of France, you can send us specific instructions regarding the use of your data after your death.  To make such requests or contact our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) atdpo@mixpanel.comor at the contact information set out below. We process data as a processor on behalf of our Customers. If you are a customer of our Customer, you should put requests to them or contact them. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns.  We may rely on different lawful bases for collecting and processing personal information about you, for example, with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests.  EU-U.S. PRIVACY SHIELD AND SWISS-U.S. PRIVACY SHIELD  Mixpanel participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework for its collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. Mixpanel is committed to subjecting all personal data received from EU member countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, respectively, to the Frameworks’ applicable principles (“Principles”). If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Statement and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, or to check our status, visit the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website athttps://www.privacyshield.gov/Program-Overview.  Mixpanel is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. If third-party agents process personal information on our behalf in a manner inconsistent with the principles of either Privacy Shield Framework, we remain liable unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Mixpanel complies with the Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.  With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to each Privacy Shield Framework, Mixpanel is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Mixpanel may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.  In compliance with the Principles, Mixpanel commits to resolve any complaints about your privacy and our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information. If you have any inquiries or complaints regarding this Statement or our compliance with Privacy Shield, you should first contact Mixpanel at the contact information set forth below.  You may have the right to access or submit requests to review, correct, update, or delete your personal information. You can ask to review of correct personal information that we maintain about you by sending a written request tocompliance@mixpanel.com. We may limit or deny access to personal information where providing such access to unreasonably burdensome, expensive under the circumstances, or as otherwise permitted by the Privacy Shield Principles.  Individuals who submit an inquiry or complaint to Mixpanel but do not receive an acknowledgment from us or think the complaint or concern has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact our US-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) athttps://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. You must include the following information: the name of the company, the alleged privacy violation, your contact information, and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company. Under certain conditions, more fully describedhere, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. In addition, the US Federal Trade Commission is the statutory body that has jurisdiction to hear any claims against Mixpanel regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations governing privacy.  LOCATION OF PERSONAL DATA  The personal information we collect may be stored and processed in your country or region, or in any other country where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers maintain facilities. Currently, we primarily use data centers in the United States. The storage location is chosen to operate efficiently and improve performance. We take steps designed to ensure that the personal information we collect under this Statement is processed according to the provisions of this Statement and applicable law wherever the data is located.  Location of Processing European Personal Data. We transfer personal information from the European Economic Area and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. When we do so, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of personal data protection, please visithttps://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en.  RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA  We retain personal information or personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and other legitimate and lawful business purposes. These needs can vary for different information types in the context of different products. Accordingly, our actual retention periods can vary significantly based on criteria such as user expectations or consent, the sensitivity of the information, the availability of automated controls that enable users to delete data, and our legal or contractual obligations.  CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT  Mixpanel may change this Statement from time to time to reflect changes in our offerings, how we collect, use, or disclose personal information, or applicable law. If we make any changes to this Statement, we will change the “Last Updated” date above. If we make any material changes, we will provide notice or obtain consent regarding such modifications as may be required by law.  HOW TO CONTACT US  If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or a question for Mixpanel please contact our privacy program atcompliance@mixpanel.com. If you have concerns, complaints, or questions please contact our DPOs at:  Global DPO. Mixpanel, Inc., Attn: Global DPO, One Front Street, 28th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111, USA. Email todpo@mixpanel.com.EEA DPO. Mixpanel, S.L., Attn: EEA DPO, 92, 75 Av. de Champs-Elysees, 75008 Paris, France. Email todpo@mixpanel.com. 