Title: Niantic Privacy Policy – Niantic
URL: https://nianticlabs.com/privacy/en/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: niantic, collect, account, services, data, personal, information, service, privacy, policy, device

Reduced Policy:   You have certain rights in relation to your Personal Data. In order to exercise these rights, please contact us at:  For Pokémon GOhere.For Ingresshere.For Harry Potter: Wizards Unitehere.For all other Services atprivacy@nianticlabs.com.  You can:  Request access to the Personal Data we hold on you by emailingprivacy@nianticlabs.com.Delete or correct your Personal Data. The easiest way to update your account information is via your in-app settings. You can also submit a customer support request through our support websiteherefor Pokémon GO,herefor Ingress, orherefor Harry Potter: Wizards Unite.Ask us to stop processing your Personal Data, including for direct marketing and promotional purposes such as tailored rewards, promotions, and other offers, by emailingopt-out@nianticlabs.com. But be aware that sometimes we need to use your Personal Data in order to provide the Services to you.Have your Personal Data transferred to another organization (where it is technically feasible).Complain to a regulator. We'd appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns directly so we'd prefer you to contact us first. However, if you're based in the EEA and believe that we have not complied with data protection laws, you can complain to our regulator, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, or with your local supervisory authority.  The law provides exceptions to these rights in certain circumstances. Where you cannot exercise one of these rights due to such an exception, we will explain to you why.  We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data and we’ll respect the choices you make. Please note that if you decide not to provide us with the Personal Data that we request, you may not be able to access all of the features of the Services.  After you contact us, you may receive an email in order to verify your request. We aim to provide the information or complete the outcome you request within 30 days.  8. Children  Unless stated otherwise for a particular Service, children are not allowed to use the Services, and we do not collect Personal Data from them. We define “children” as follows:  Residents of the EEA: anyone under 16 years old, or the age needed to consent to the processing of personal data in your country of residence.Residents of the Republic of Korea, anyone under 14 years old.Residents of other regions: anyone under 13 years old  Niantic Game Resourcescontains information on the age requirement for each of our Apps.  For Services that permit Child participation, parents or legal guardians ("Parents") must provide verified consent. Parents can provide and verify their consent through theNiantic Kids Parent Portal, or through another authorized third-party provider made available through the Service. Where Parental consent is required, Niantic recommends that Parents monitor the Child’s online activity and use of the Service.  The Niantic Kids Parent Portal is operated on Niantic’s behalf by Kids Web Services (KWS), a product of SuperAwesome Trading Ltd of 40 Long Acre, London WC2E 9LG, United Kingdom, www.superawesome.tv. You may contact SuperAwesome directly at privacy@superawesome.tv or +44 203 668 6677 for any questions related to their handling of user information, especially parent information. KWS is certified by the kidSAFE Seal Program, an FTC-Approved COPPA Safe Harbor Program. SuperAwesome is also a valid licensee, and participating member, of the Entertainment Software Rating Board’s Privacy Certified Program (“ESRB Privacy Certified”).  Verifiable parental consent is required for the collection, use, or disclosure of a child's Personal Data. Niantic will not collect, use, or disclose any Personal Data from a child if their parent or guardian does not provide such consent. We may ask a Child to provide a Parent’s email address in order to request this consent, and the Parent’s email address will be deleted if consent is not provided within a reasonable time.  Parents who wish to consent to their Child accessing our Services must first create a Niantic Kids account so they can manage the privacy settings of their Child’s account. Parents will then be required to verify their identity through the Niantic Kids Parent Portal operated by SuperAwesome. In order to perform that verification, SuperAwesome requires certain personal information about parents. Any such information is collected by SuperAwesome as a Third Party Service in accordance with their own Privacy Policy, which can be found athttps://parents.superawesome.tv/en/privacy.  Once verified, a parent can consent to their child accessing the Service. For user account creation, Niantic will collect the in-game username the Child chooses to use on our Services, internal account IDs that we assign to the Child’s account, and, with the parent’s permission, the Child’s personal email address. We need that information to authenticate the Child’s account, to make sure the Child is eligible and able to receive the Services, and so that the Child receives the correct version of the Services. As the Child accesses and uses the Service, Niantic will also collect and use the Child’s device location and other Personal Data listed in this Privacy Policy for the purpose of operating and providing the Service to the Child, as described in this Privacy Policy. If we need to collect additional information for other purposes we will first seek your permission.  Parents have the right to review their Child’s Personal Data; to have their Child’s Personal Data deleted; and to refuse further collection, use, and/or disclosure of their Child’s Personal Data by notifying us. As a parent, you understand that Niantic has a legitimate interest in providing your Child’s Personal Data collected via the Services to external providers for the sole purpose of administering or providing the Services, as described in Paragraph 3 of this Privacy Policy. For more information on Niantic Kids, visit our support websitehere.  If we learn that we have collected Personal Data of a Child, and we do not have parental consent, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.  If you have questions about our privacy practices for Children, please contact us atprivacy@nianticlabs.comor Niantic Inc., 1 Ferry Building, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94111.  9. Changes to this Privacy Policy  Any Personal Data that we collect is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. You will be given reasonable notice of any material change.  10. Third Parties  In using our Services you may access links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties (each, a “Third Party Service”). Any information that you provide on or to a Third Party Service or that is collected by a Third Party Service is provided directly to the owner or operator of the Third Party Service and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy. We’re not responsible for the content, privacy, or security practices and policies of any Third Party Service. To protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all Third Party Service that you access.  11. Disclosures Specific to California Residents  California law requires that we make certain disclosures about your data. We do not sell your Personal Data. The information listed in Section 2 falls under the following California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) categories: identifiers, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, and visual information.  12. Game Specific Disclosures  Additional Privacy Information for Pokémon GO  Pokémon Trainer Club Accounts.You can sign up for Pokémon GO using your external Pokémon Trainer Club (“PTC”) account administered by The Pokémon Company International (“TPCI”). If you choose to do so, we will collect from TPCI your PTC registered email address, your PTC username and a unique PTC user ID. If you are registering your PTC account on behalf of your authorized child we will also collect some Personal Data about your child. See the “Accounts with Children” paragraph below for more information.  Accounts with Children.We comply with parental consent requirements as mandated by the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and European data protection laws (including, without limitation, the General Data Protection Regulation) through a verification and consent process handled by TPCI. As described in the Terms of Service, the parent or legal guardian (“Parent”) of each child under the age of 13, or in the EEA 16 or the age needed to consent to the processing of personal data (“Child”), must register with TPCI through a PTC account before their Child can access and use the game. The Parent will have to provide to TPCI certain Personal Data about the Child in accordance with the TPCI privacy policy. Of that, Niantic will only collect from TPCI the Child’s personal email address, and the date when the Child will grow out of the age limits listed above.  For U.S. residents, after a Parent has registered a PTC account, TPCI will verify the Parent’s identity by asking for the sum of the first and last digits of the Parent’s social security number and the Parent’s name, date of birth, and street address. TPCI will not share that information with us. After TPCI verifies the Parent’s identity, it will ask the Parent to consent to the Child accessing Pokémon GO. If a Parent does not consent to a Child’s access to and use of Pokémon GO or does not verify their identity through the consent process, Niantic will bar that Child’s registration on Pokémon GO and prevent the Child’s access to and use of the game.  Parents have the right to refuse further collection, use, and/or disclosure of their Child’s Personal Data by notifying us. As a Parent, you understand that Niantic has a legitimate interest in providing your Child’s information collected via the Services to third party providers for the sole purpose of administering or providing the Services, as described in Paragraph 3 of this Privacy Policy.  Information shared with other players.When you take certain actions in Pokémon GO and capture a Gym, your (or your authorized Child’s) username will be shared publicly through the game, including with other players, in connection with that Gym location.  Additional Privacy Information for Ingress  Information shared publicly.When you play Ingress, as part of the gameplay the following information about you will be shared through the game (including with other players directly within the app, in game notifications emailed to other players as part of the gameplay, and online on the Ingress Intel Map website), and will therefore become publicly available: your in-game username, messages sent to other users in COMMS, and in-game portals that you interact with, as well as your device location whenever you take an in-game action. 