Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://pmc.com/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: 2018-05-16 17:29:18+00:00
Keywords: service, provide, legal, advertising, marketing, privacy, services, email, policy, information, cookies

Reduced Policy:   Marketing Emails.If you want to stop receiving promotional e-mails from us, click on the “unsubscribe” link in any promotional email from us. Please note that once we receive your request, it may take an additional period of time for your opt-out to become effective. We may still communicate with you from time to time if we need to provide you with transaction information about the Services you are using, if we need to request information from you with respect to a transaction initiated by you, or for other legitimate non-marketing reasons, for example, if we update this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service.  SMS Text Communications.You may opt-out of SMS messages from us by following the instructions provided in the message or by texting back STOP to the number we send the text from for that particular SMS message. When we receive an opt-out message from you for SMS messages, we may send a message confirming our receipt of your opt-out.  Privacy Information for California Residents.If you are a California resident, California law requires us to provide you with some additional information regarding your rights with respect to your “personal information” (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)). We describe the categories of personal information we collect, the sources and uses of such information and the entities to which we share such information in ourCalifornia Privacy Notice.  A. California Data Access & Deletion Rights  If you are a California resident, the CCPA allows you to make certain requests about your personal information. Specifically, the CCPA allows you to request us to:  Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information.Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.Delete certain personal information we have about you.Provide you with information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.  Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law. For example, we need certain information in order to provide the Services to you.  Verification: We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request, which may include, depending on your request and relationship with you verifying your name, email address, address, and/or having you respond to an email from us.  You are also permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may also follow up with you to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent’s request.  If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under California law or would like to exercise any of them, pleaseclick hereor call(877) 365-3500.  Please note that PMC employees who are seeking further information about their legal rights under California law should instead contact their PMC HR representative. Applicants submitting information on the PMC Careers pages atpmc.com/careers-listingshould instead consult the Penske Media Corporation Human Resources Privacy Notice referenced therein.  B. Notice of Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information  California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. We sell certain of your information to third parties to provide you with offers and promotions and opportunities that may be of interest to you.  Under the CCPA, sale is also broadly defined such that it may include allowing third parties to receive certain information, such as cookies, IP address, and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising on the Services or other services. Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables us to provide you certain content for free and allows us to provide you offers relevant to you.  Depending on what Services you use, we may provide the following categories of personal information to third parties for these purposes:  For online targeted advertising purposes: demographic and statistical information, user-generated content, device information and identifiers, connection and usage data, geolocation, and social media information.For sharing with third parties to send you relevant offers and promotions and opportunities: contact information (e.g., name and physical address) and publication subscription information.  If you would like to opt out of PMC’s use of your information for such purposes that are considered a “sale” under California law, you may do so as outlined on the following page:Do Not Sell My Personal Information. You can also submit a sale opt-out request by calling us at(877) 365-3500. Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without legally-required affirmative authorization.  Please note that PMC employees who are seeking further information about their legal rights under California law should instead contact their PMC HR representative. Applicants submitting information on the PMC Careers pages atpmc.com/careers-listingshould instead consult the Penske Media Corporation Human Resources Privacy Notice referenced therein.  The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your access, deletion or sale opt out rights.  C. California “Shine the Light” Disclosure  The California “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to opt out of the sharing of certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like to opt out of such sharing, please use the sale opt out form noted above. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: PMC, 11175 Santa Monica Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90025, Attn: Privacy Officer. In your request, please specify that you want a “PMC California Privacy Rights Notice.” Please allow at least 30 days for a response.  D. International Users  Some international users of our Services have certain legal rights to access certain information we hold about them and to request its deletion. For example, your local laws may permit you to request that we:  Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we have about you;Prevent the processing of your information for direct-marketing purposes;Update information which is out of date or incorrect;Delete certain information which we have about you;Restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of your information;Transfer your information to a third party provider of services; andRevoke your consent for the processing of your information.  We will consider all requests and provide our response within the time period stated by applicable law. Certain information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances, which may include if we need to keep processing your information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to your request.  If you would like further information in relation to your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us using the information in the “Contact Us” section below at any time.  E. Privacy Information for Nevada Residents  Under Nevada law, Nevada residents who have purchased goods or services from us may opt out of the “sale” of “covered information” (as such terms are defined under Nevada law). “Covered information” includes, among other things, first and last name, address, email address, and phone number. As discussed above, we share your information with third parties (e.g. magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases) that want to market products or services to you. In some circumstances, this sharing may qualify as a sale under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident who has purchased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to opt out of such activity by filling out the form locatedhere. Please note we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request.  F. Subscriber Preferences  Subscribers to our Publications may change their subscription-related mail and email preferences at any time as follows:  FN:Log into Customer Care atfootwearnews.com/customerserviceand update your mailing preferences on the “Change My Mailing Preferences” page, or call us at1-866-963-7335or1-515-237-3650.Robb Report:Log into Subscriber Services atrobbreport.com/RRcustomerservice, click on “Manage your Privacy Settings” and update your mailing preferences; you can also email us atrobbreport@emailcustomerservice.com, or if you prefer – call us at1-800-967-7472.Rolling Stone:Log intorollingstone.com/customerserviceand go to the E-mail Customer Service link to update your communication preferences, or call us at1-800-283-1549. You can also e-mail Customer Service atrollingstone@customersvc.com.Variety:Send an email to variety@pubservice.com to update your communication preferences, or call us at1-800-552-3632or for International callers –001-818-487-4561. Log intovariety.com/customerservicefor all other issues.Variety Insight and Vscore:Log intovarietyinsight.comand go to My Account to update your communication preferences, or call us at1-323-617-9555.WWD:Send an email tocustomerservice@wwd.comasking to have your name removed from the direct mail promotion list, or call us at1-800-358-4244or1-212-230-0233.Art in America:Send an email toinacustserv@cdsfulfillment.comto update your communication preferences. You can also call us at1-800-925-8059(US & Canada),001-515-243-3273(International).Art News:Log intoartnews.com/customerserviceor email us atARNcustserv@cdsfulfillment.comto update your communication preferences. You can also call us at1-800-284-4625(US & Canada),001-515-248-7680(International).  NOTE: changing your subscription-related preferences does not change your non-subscription-related email preferences, including for email alerts and newsletters, special offers from our brands, and promotional emails from third parties, which are setvia the preference center on each individual Website listed here.  Despite your indicated preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices about your subscription, and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under theService Provider Use, theLegal Useand theAcquisition Usedescribed above.   If you are a California resident, the CCPA allows you to make certain requests about your personal information. Specifically, the CCPA allows you to request us to:  Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information.Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.Delete certain personal information we have about you.Provide you with information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.  Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law. For example, we need certain information in order to provide the Services to you.  Verification: We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request, which may include, depending on your request and relationship with you verifying your name, email address, address, and/or having you respond to an email from us.  You are also permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may also follow up with you to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent’s request.  If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under California law or would like to exercise any of them, pleaseclick hereor call(877) 365-3500.  Please note that PMC employees who are seeking further information about their legal rights under California law should instead contact their PMC HR representative. Applicants submitting information on the PMC Careers pages atpmc.com/careers-listingshould instead consult the Penske Media Corporation Human Resources Privacy Notice referenced therein.  B. Notice of Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information  California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. We sell certain of your information to third parties to provide you with offers and promotions and opportunities that may be of interest to you.  Under the CCPA, sale is also broadly defined such that it may include allowing third parties to receive certain information, such as cookies, IP address, and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising on the Services or other services. Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables us to provide you certain content for free and allows us to provide you offers relevant to you.  Depending on what Services you use, we may provide the following categories of personal information to third parties for these purposes:  For online targeted advertising purposes: demographic and statistical information, user-generated content, device information and identifiers, connection and usage data, geolocation, and social media information.For sharing with third parties to send you relevant offers and promotions and opportunities: contact information (e.g., name and physical address) and publication subscription information.  If you would like to opt out of PMC’s use of your information for such purposes that are considered a “sale” under California law, you may do so as outlined on the following page:Do Not Sell My Personal Information. You can also submit a sale opt-out request by calling us at(877) 365-3500. Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without legally-required affirmative authorization.  Please note that PMC employees who are seeking further information about their legal rights under California law should instead contact their PMC HR representative. Applicants submitting information on the PMC Careers pages atpmc.com/careers-listingshould instead consult the Penske Media Corporation Human Resources Privacy Notice referenced therein.  The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your access, deletion or sale opt out rights.  C. California “Shine the Light” Disclosure  The California “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to opt out of the sharing of certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like to opt out of such sharing, please use the sale opt out form noted above. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: PMC, 11175 Santa Monica Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90025, Attn: Privacy Officer. In your request, please specify that you want a “PMC California Privacy Rights Notice.” Please allow at least 30 days for a response.  D. International Users  Some international users of our Services have certain legal rights to access certain information we hold about them and to request its deletion. For example, your local laws may permit you to request that we:  Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we have about you;Prevent the processing of your information for direct-marketing purposes;Update information which is out of date or incorrect;Delete certain information which we have about you;Restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of your information;Transfer your information to a third party provider of services; andRevoke your consent for the processing of your information.  We will consider all requests and provide our response within the time period stated by applicable law. Certain information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances, which may include if we need to keep processing your information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to your request.  If you would like further information in relation to your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us using the information in the “Contact Us” section below at any time.  E. Privacy Information for Nevada Residents  Under Nevada law, Nevada residents who have purchased goods or services from us may opt out of the “sale” of “covered information” (as such terms are defined under Nevada law). “Covered information” includes, among other things, first and last name, address, email address, and phone number. As discussed above, we share your information with third parties (e.g. magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases) that want to market products or services to you. In some circumstances, this sharing may qualify as a sale under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident who has purchased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to opt out of such activity by filling out the form locatedhere. Please note we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request.  F. Subscriber Preferences  Subscribers to our Publications may change their subscription-related mail and email preferences at any time as follows:  FN:Log into Customer Care atfootwearnews.com/customerserviceand update your mailing preferences on the “Change My Mailing Preferences” page, or call us at1-866-963-7335or1-515-237-3650.Robb Report:Log into Subscriber Services atrobbreport.com/RRcustomerservice, click on “Manage your Privacy Settings” and update your mailing preferences; you can also email us atrobbreport@emailcustomerservice.com, or if you prefer – call us at1-800-967-7472.Rolling Stone:Log intorollingstone.com/customerserviceand go to the E-mail Customer Service link to update your communication preferences, or call us at1-800-283-1549. You can also e-mail Customer Service atrollingstone@customersvc.com.Variety:Send an email to variety@pubservice.com to update your communication preferences, or call us at1-800-552-3632or for International callers –001-818-487-4561. Log intovariety.com/customerservicefor all other issues.Variety Insight and Vscore:Log intovarietyinsight.comand go to My Account to update your communication preferences, or call us at1-323-617-9555.WWD:Send an email tocustomerservice@wwd.comasking to have your name removed from the direct mail promotion list, or call us at1-800-358-4244or1-212-230-0233.Art in America:Send an email toinacustserv@cdsfulfillment.comto update your communication preferences. You can also call us at1-800-925-8059(US & Canada),001-515-243-3273(International).Art News:Log intoartnews.com/customerserviceor email us atARNcustserv@cdsfulfillment.comto update your communication preferences. You can also call us at1-800-284-4625(US & Canada),001-515-248-7680(International).  NOTE: changing your subscription-related preferences does not change your non-subscription-related email preferences, including for email alerts and newsletters, special offers from our brands, and promotional emails from third parties, which are setvia the preference center on each individual Website listed here.  Despite your indicated preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices about your subscription, and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under theService Provider Use, theLegal Useand theAcquisition Usedescribed above.   California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. We sell certain of your information to third parties to provide you with offers and promotions and opportunities that may be of interest to you.  Under the CCPA, sale is also broadly defined such that it may include allowing third parties to receive certain information, such as cookies, IP address, and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising on the Services or other services. Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables us to provide you certain content for free and allows us to provide you offers relevant to you.  Depending on what Services you use, we may provide the following categories of personal information to third parties for these purposes:  For online targeted advertising purposes: demographic and statistical information, user-generated content, device information and identifiers, connection and usage data, geolocation, and social media information.For sharing with third parties to send you relevant offers and promotions and opportunities: contact information (e.g., name and physical address) and publication subscription information.  If you would like to opt out of PMC’s use of your information for such purposes that are considered a “sale” under California law, you may do so as outlined on the following page:Do Not Sell My Personal Information. You can also submit a sale opt-out request by calling us at(877) 365-3500. Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without legally-required affirmative authorization.  Please note that PMC employees who are seeking further information about their legal rights under California law should instead contact their PMC HR representative. Applicants submitting information on the PMC Careers pages atpmc.com/careers-listingshould instead consult the Penske Media Corporation Human Resources Privacy Notice referenced therein.  The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your access, deletion or sale opt out rights.  C. California “Shine the Light” Disclosure  The California “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to opt out of the sharing of certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like to opt out of such sharing, please use the sale opt out form noted above. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: PMC, 11175 Santa Monica Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90025, Attn: Privacy Officer. In your request, please specify that you want a “PMC California Privacy Rights Notice.” Please allow at least 30 days for a response.  D. International Users  Some international users of our Services have certain legal rights to access certain information we hold about them and to request its deletion. For example, your local laws may permit you to request that we:  Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we have about you;Prevent the processing of your information for direct-marketing purposes;Update information which is out of date or incorrect;Delete certain information which we have about you;Restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of your information;Transfer your information to a third party provider of services; andRevoke your consent for the processing of your information.  We will consider all requests and provide our response within the time period stated by applicable law. Certain information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances, which may include if we need to keep processing your information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to your request.  If you would like further information in relation to your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us using the information in the “Contact Us” section below at any time.  E. Privacy Information for Nevada Residents  Under Nevada law, Nevada residents who have purchased goods or services from us may opt out of the “sale” of “covered information” (as such terms are defined under Nevada law). “Covered information” includes, among other things, first and last name, address, email address, and phone number. As discussed above, we share your information with third parties (e.g. magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases) that want to market products or services to you. In some circumstances, this sharing may qualify as a sale under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident who has purchased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to opt out of such activity by filling out the form locatedhere. Please note we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request.  F. Subscriber Preferences  Subscribers to our Publications may change their subscription-related mail and email preferences at any time as follows:  FN:Log into Customer Care atfootwearnews.com/customerserviceand update your mailing preferences on the “Change My Mailing Preferences” page, or call us at1-866-963-7335or1-515-237-3650.Robb Report:Log into Subscriber Services atrobbreport.com/RRcustomerservice, click on “Manage your Privacy Settings” and update your mailing preferences; you can also email us atrobbreport@emailcustomerservice.com, or if you prefer – call us at1-800-967-7472.Rolling Stone:Log intorollingstone.com/customerserviceand go to the E-mail Customer Service link to update your communication preferences, or call us at1-800-283-1549. You can also e-mail Customer Service atrollingstone@customersvc.com.Variety:Send an email to variety@pubservice.com to update your communication preferences, or call us at1-800-552-3632or for International callers –001-818-487-4561. Log intovariety.com/customerservicefor all other issues.Variety Insight and Vscore:Log intovarietyinsight.comand go to My Account to update your communication preferences, or call us at1-323-617-9555.WWD:Send an email tocustomerservice@wwd.comasking to have your name removed from the direct mail promotion list, or call us at1-800-358-4244or1-212-230-0233.Art in America:Send an email toinacustserv@cdsfulfillment.comto update your communication preferences. You can also call us at1-800-925-8059(US & Canada),001-515-243-3273(International).Art News:Log intoartnews.com/customerserviceor email us atARNcustserv@cdsfulfillment.comto update your communication preferences. You can also call us at1-800-284-4625(US & Canada),001-515-248-7680(International).  NOTE: changing your subscription-related preferences does not change your non-subscription-related email preferences, including for email alerts and newsletters, special offers from our brands, and promotional emails from third parties, which are setvia the preference center on each individual Website listed here.  Despite your indicated preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices about your subscription, and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under theService Provider Use, theLegal Useand theAcquisition Usedescribed above.   If you choose to access the Services, subscribe to our Publications or use any of our Services, any dispute over privacy is subject to ourTerms of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes by binding arbitration, and application of the laws of the United States, and the State of New York. This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties. 