Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://policies.tinder.com/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: account, services, data, share, information, users, privacy, service, policy, device

Reduced Policy:   We may also share information: (i) if disclosure would mitigate our liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit; (ii) as necessary to protect our legal rights and legal rights of our users, business partners or other interested parties; (iii) to enforce our agreements with you; and (iv) to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing.   We want you to be in control of your information, so we have provided you with the following tools:  Access / Update tools in the service.Tools and account settings that help you to access, rectify or delete information that you provided to us and that’s associated with your account directly within the service. If you have any question on those tools and settings, please contact our customer care team for helphere.Device permissions.Mobile platforms have permission systems for specific types of device data and notifications, such as phone book and location services as well as push notifications. You can change your settings on your device to either consent or oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the display of the corresponding notifications. Of course, if you do that, certain services may lose full functionality.Deletion.You can delete your account by using the corresponding functionality directly on the service.  We want you to be aware of your privacy rights. Here are a few key points to remember:  Reviewing your information.Applicable privacy laws may give you the right to review the personal information we keep about you (depending on the jurisdiction, this may be called right of access, right of portability or variations of those terms). You can request a copy of your personal information by putting in such a requesthere.Updating your information.If you believe that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or that we are no longer entitled to use it and want to request its rectification, deletion or object to its processing, please contact ushere.  For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.  Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or the privacy of another user. If you wish to receive information relating to another user, such as a copy of any messages you received from him or her through our service, the other user will have to contact our Privacy Officer to provide their written consent before the information is released.  Also, we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to the processing of personal information, notably where such requests would not allow us to provide our service to you anymore. For instance, we cannot provide our service if we do not have your date of birth.  Uninstall.You can stop all information collection by an app by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device. If you uninstall the app from your mobile device, the unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored. If you re-install the application on the same mobile device, we will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.Accountability.In certain countries, including in the European Union, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how we process your personal information. The data protection authority you can lodge a complaint with notably may be that of your habitual residence, where you work or where we are established.  9. Residents of California  If you are a California resident, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information about you that we have shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. To request this notice, please submit your requesthere. Please allow 30 days for a response. For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer such a request.  10. How We Protect Your Information  We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. As with all technology companies, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure.  We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices to update our physical, technical and organizational security measures.  We may suspend your use of all or part of the services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. If you believe that your account or information is no longer secure, please notify us immediatelyhere  In order to ensure that our systems and your information are protected against unauthorized access, theft and loss, we implemented a bug bounty program. For more information about our bug bounty program, please clickhere.  11. How Long We Retain Your Information  We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes (as laid out inSection 5) and as permitted by applicable law. To protect the safety and security of our users on and off our services, we implement a safety retention window of three months following account deletion. During this period, account information will be retained although the account will of course not be visible on the services anymore.  In practice, we delete or anonymize your information upon deletion of your account (following the safety retention window) or after two years of continuous inactivity, unless:  we must keep it to comply with applicable law (for instance, some “traffic data” is kept for one year to comply with statutory data retention obligations);we must keep it to evidence our compliance with applicable law (for instance, records of consents to our Terms, Privacy Policy and other similar consents are kept for five years);there is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; orthe information must be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing users' safety and security. For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who was banned for unsafe behavior or security incidents from opening a new account.  Keep in mind that even though our systems are designed to carry out data deletion processes according to the above guidelines, we cannot promise that all data will be deleted within a specific timeframe due to technical constraints.  12. Children's Privacy  Our services are restricted to users who are 18 years of age or older. We do not permit users under the age of 18 on our platform and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If you suspect that a user is under the age of 18, please use the reporting mechanism available through the service.  13. Privacy Policy Changes  Because we’re always looking for new and innovative ways to help you build meaningful connections, this policy may change over time. We will notify you before any material changes take effect so that you have time to review the changes.  14. How to Contact Us  If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, here’s how you can reach us:  If you live in the European Union:  Online:here  By post:  Privacy OfficerMTCH Technology Services LimitedTinderWeWork Charlemont Exchange42 Charlemont StreetDublin 2, D02 R593Ireland  If you live in Japan:  Online:here  By post:  Privacy OfficerMG Japan Services GKc/o Match Group, LLC8750 North Central ExpresswaySuite 1400Dallas, TX 75231United States  If you live outside the European Union and Japan:  Online:here  By post:  Privacy OfficerMatch Group, LLC8750 North Central ExpresswaySuite 1400Dallas, TX 75231United States