Title: Medium Privacy Policy
URL: https://policy.medium.com/medium-privacy-policy-f03bf92035c9?source=landing_home--------------------------landing_home_footer-----------
Date of publishing: 2020-08-17 07:06:17.629000+00:00
Keywords: purchase, network, provide, collect, privacy, links, medium, data, services, policy, device, information, cookies

Reduced Policy:  The California Consumer Privacy Act or“CCPA”(Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100 et seq.) affords consumers residing in California certain rights with respect to their personal information. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you.In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, and inferences. For details about the precise data points we collect and the categories of sources of such collection, please see the Collection of Information section above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the Use of Information section above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes to the following categories of recipients:  Medium does not sell your personal information.Subject to certain limitations, you have the right to (1) request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose about you, (2) request deletion of your personal information, (3) opt out of any sales of your personal information, if we engage in that activity in the future, and (4) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. You may make these requests by emailing us atprivacy@medium.comor by completingthis webform. We will verify a webform request by asking you to provide identifying information. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. This may include requiring you to verify your identity. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, pleasecontact us.