Title: Redbubble
URL: http://redbubble.com/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: personal, processing, provide, right, redbubble, social, data, services, marketplace, information

Reduced Policy:   In particular, but without limitation, the following rights are vested in you by applicable data protection law:  (a) Right of access, rectification, erasure and restriction of processing: You have the right to obtain at any time access to your personal data stored by us. If we process or use your personal data, we shall endeavor to ensure by implementing suitable measures that your personal data is accurate and up-to-date for the purposes for which they were collected. If your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to obtain the rectification of such personal data. Furthermore, you may have the right to obtain the erasure or restriction of processing of your personal data, for example if no legitimate business purpose exists anymore for the data processing under this privacy policy or applicable law and the further storage is not necessary under statutory storage obligations.  Your user account essentially shows the personal data you have stored with us. You may view, change and/or erase the data as needed. Furthermore, to obtain access to or the rectification, erasure or restriction of processing of your personal data you may at any time contact us as provided in item 1 above.  (b) Right to data portability: You may have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to transmit this data to another controller. To exercise this right you may at any time contact us as provided in item 1 above.  (c) Right to object: You may have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of your personal data. To exercise this right you may at any time contact us as provided in item 1 above.  (d) Right to withdraw your consent: If you have given your consent to the collection or processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time on a prospective basis without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on the consent before its withdrawal. You may also object to use of your personal data for purposes of market research and public opinion polling as well as advertising and unsubscribe from our newsletter (please cf. under item 4.3 above). To exercise any of these rights you may at any time contact us as provided in item 1 above. 