Title: Privacy Policy | Legal
URL: https://slack.com/trust/privacy/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: authorized, policy, customer, data, personal, services, legal, party, privacy, information, slack, users
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:  Individuals located in certain countries, including the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom, have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to Information, as well as to seek to update, delete or correct this Information. You can usually do this using the settings and tools provided in your Services account. If you cannot use the settings and tools, contact the Customer who controls your workspace for additional access and assistance. Please checkhttps://slack.com/account/settingsfor Customer contact information. To the extent that Slack’s processing of your Personal Data is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (or applicable laws covering the processing of Personal Data in the United Kingdom), Slack relies on its legitimate interests, described above, to process your data. Slack may also process Other Information that constitutes your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, and you have a right to object to Slack’s use of your Personal Data for this purpose at any time. This section provides additional details about the personal information we collect about California consumers and the rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA.” For more details about the personal information we have collected over the last 12 months, including the categories of sources, please see theInformation We Collect And Receivesection above. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in theHow We Use Informationsection above. We share this information with the categories of third parties described in theHow We Share and Disclose Informationsection above. Slack does not sell (as such term is defined in the CCPA) the personal information we collect (and will not sell it without providing a right to opt out). Please note that we do use third-party cookies for our advertising purposes as further described in ourCookie Policy. Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California consumers the right to request to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of personal information we collect (including how we use and disclose this information), to delete their personal information, to opt out of any “sales” that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. California consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights under the CCPA by contacting us atprivacy@slack.com. We will verify your request using the information associated with your account, including email address. Government identification may be required. Consumers can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf.