Title: Privacy Policy × Supercell
URL: https://supercell.com/en/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: services, data, advertising, supercell, partners, personal, service, information, privacy, provide, policy, device

Reduced Policy:   Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing.  You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications, or by changing your in-game settings. The updated settings may not be effective immediately. Note that you may still continue to receive non-promotional emails from us, such as communications regarding the Service or updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy.  Push Notifications  We may send you push notifications through our mobile applications. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device.  Opt-out of targeted advertising.  You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "Limit Ad Tracking" (Apple iOS) or "Opt-out of Interest Based Ads" (Android). For more information, see also:supercell.com/en/partner-opt-out.  You can also opt out from personalized in-game offers through the options provided in the game settings.  Access the personal data we hold about you.  If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.  Your other rights.  You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent.  We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe.  If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact ourU.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider(free of charge). You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area, Switzerland or UK for unresolved complaints.  If you wish to exercise any of your data subject rights described above, please use the support options described in “Contact Us” above. We will respond to all requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we may also take additional steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request, such as by requesting you provide us a purchase receipt or other account information, asking you to link your email address with your game account (for example through Supercell ID), or asking you to answer questions regarding your activities on our Services. Once you have verified your identity, you may also designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf by providing the agent’s contact information to our customer support staff, as required by applicable law.  You may have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment as a result of your exercise of these rights.  Cookies and similar technologies  Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. Cookies and similar technologies allow us and our partners to store their preferences and track your activities within the Service. Note that our partners may operate under their own privacy policies.  We and our partners collect and store information about users' interactions with unaffiliated websites and applications that use our technologies, including cookies and similar tracking technologies.  This allows us to infer the presence of a common user or household behind multiple devices or browsers, for instance, and then link those browsers and devices into a device graph.  We do so in order to  detect and prevent fraud;allow users to use the Service on one device and pick up seamlessly where they left off on another device;analytics, personalization and attribution;limit the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement, across all known or inferred devices; and/orprovide personalized advertising on each device that is inferred from the browsing patterns on all of the devices.  For more information (including how to opt out), please visithttps://supercell.com/en/partner-opt-out/. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.  How do we protect your data  Security Safeguards.  In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.  Data retention.  We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We may for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts, and we may regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.  Children  Protecting children’s privacy online is very important to us. Generally, our Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and the Services do not knowingly collect personal data from children, except as described in the following paragraph.  For games that are not directed at children but nonetheless may appeal to them, we take additional steps to limit access to these Services based on the player’s age. For these Services, when a player indicates they are under 13 (or the applicable age in their territory), we will limit their access to certain features, such as social media and chat features, as well as certain types of notification alerts. We also limit the processing of personal data to only what is necessary to support the internal operations of our Services.  If you are a parent or guardian and wish to review personal data collected from your child, or have that information modified or deleted, you may contact us as described above. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal data contrary to the above, we will delete any personal data we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account and/or revert them to the underage experience, as applicable.  For California residents  Please visitsupercell.com/en/disclosure-california-residentsfor special disclosures pertaining to California residents.   You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent.  We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe.  If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact ourU.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider(free of charge). You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area, Switzerland or UK for unresolved complaints.  If you wish to exercise any of your data subject rights described above, please use the support options described in “Contact Us” above. We will respond to all requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we may also take additional steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request, such as by requesting you provide us a purchase receipt or other account information, asking you to link your email address with your game account (for example through Supercell ID), or asking you to answer questions regarding your activities on our Services. Once you have verified your identity, you may also designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf by providing the agent’s contact information to our customer support staff, as required by applicable law.  You may have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment as a result of your exercise of these rights.  Cookies and similar technologies  Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. Cookies and similar technologies allow us and our partners to store their preferences and track your activities within the Service. Note that our partners may operate under their own privacy policies.  We and our partners collect and store information about users' interactions with unaffiliated websites and applications that use our technologies, including cookies and similar tracking technologies.  This allows us to infer the presence of a common user or household behind multiple devices or browsers, for instance, and then link those browsers and devices into a device graph.  We do so in order to  detect and prevent fraud;allow users to use the Service on one device and pick up seamlessly where they left off on another device;analytics, personalization and attribution;limit the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement, across all known or inferred devices; and/orprovide personalized advertising on each device that is inferred from the browsing patterns on all of the devices.  For more information (including how to opt out), please visithttps://supercell.com/en/partner-opt-out/. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.  How do we protect your data  Security Safeguards.  In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.  Data retention.  We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We may for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts, and we may regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.  Children  Protecting children’s privacy online is very important to us. Generally, our Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and the Services do not knowingly collect personal data from children, except as described in the following paragraph.  For games that are not directed at children but nonetheless may appeal to them, we take additional steps to limit access to these Services based on the player’s age. For these Services, when a player indicates they are under 13 (or the applicable age in their territory), we will limit their access to certain features, such as social media and chat features, as well as certain types of notification alerts. We also limit the processing of personal data to only what is necessary to support the internal operations of our Services.  If you are a parent or guardian and wish to review personal data collected from your child, or have that information modified or deleted, you may contact us as described above. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal data contrary to the above, we will delete any personal data we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account and/or revert them to the underage experience, as applicable.  For California residents  Please visitsupercell.com/en/disclosure-california-residentsfor special disclosures pertaining to California residents. 