Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://support.scribd.com/hc/en-us/articles/210129366-Privacy-Policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, data, personal, services, scribd, provide, tools, privacy, information, including
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   You may seek confirmation regarding whether Scribd is processing Personal Information about you, request access to Personal Information, and ask that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Information where it is inaccurate.  Where otherwise permitted by applicable law, you may use any of the methods set out in this Privacy Policy to request access to, receive (port), restrict processing, seek rectification or request erasure of Personal Information held about you by Scribd.  Such requests will be processed in line with local laws. Although Scribd makes good faith efforts to provide Individuals with access to their Personal Information, there may be circumstances in which Scribd is unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the Individual’s privacy in the case in question or where it is commercially proprietary.  If Scribd determines that access should be restricted in any particular instance, we will provide you with an explanation of why that determination has been made and a contact point for any further inquiries. To protect your privacy, Scribd will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Information.  6.0 Retention  Scribd retains the Personal Information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our products and services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements and comply with applicable laws.  7.0 Security  The security of all Personal Information provided to Scribd is important to us, and Scribd takes reasonable steps designed to protect your Personal Information.  Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while Scribd strives to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Scribd, and you do so at your own risk.  You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Information is no longer secure, please promptly notify us atprivacy@scribd.com.  8.0 Redress/Compliance and Accountability  If after reviewing this Privacy Policy, you would like to submit a request or you have any questions or privacy concerns, please contact us atprivacy@scribd.com.  Scribd will address your concerns and attempt to resolve any privacy issues in a timely manner.  If you are an EU or Swiss citizen and feel that Scribd is not abiding by the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact Scribd at the contact information provided above. If any request remains unresolved, you may contact the national data protection authority for your EU Member State.  9.0 Other Rights and Important Information.    California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the Third Parties to whom we have disclosed their Personal Information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of Personal Information disclosed to those parties.  Scribd does not share Personal Information with third parties for their own marketing purposes. 