Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://tactilegames.com/legal/privacy.html
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, 13, right, collect, data, personal, services, provide, privacy, information, processing
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:    As a data subject you have certain
data protection rights when we process your personal data. You may exercise
your right at any time by contacting us.    Your rights, as a data subjects, are
the following:    Right of access:You have the right to receive
confirmation from us whether any personal data related to you is processed and,
if this is the case, you have the right to access the personal data and receive
information of how the personal data are being processed.    Right of rectification:You have the right to obtain from
us without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning
you. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you have the right to
have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a
supplementary statement.    Right to be forgotten:In certain circumstances you may
request the erasure of your personal data. If you want any information about
you which we store to be erased, please contact us using the contact
information below.    Right of restriction of processing
of the personal data:In certain circumstances, such as if you contest the accuracy of your personal
data or have objected to our legitimate purpose for processing your personal
data, you may have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your
personal data.    Right to data portability:In certain circumstances, you may have
the right to request to receive a complete and machine-readable copy of your
personal data that we hold and transfer it to another data controller.    Right to object to processing of
personal data:In
certain circumstances, such as if you have doubts about our legitimate interest
in processing of your personal data, you have the right to object to such
processing.    Right to complain:You have the right to file a
complaint regarding our processing of your personal data with the relevant
supervisory authority. In Denmark the supervisory authority is the Danish Data
Protection Agency. The Danish Data Protection Agency's contact information is
accessible on their website:www.datatilsynet.dk.  8.Contact
us 