Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://teachable.com/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, request, data, personal, services, platform, provide, privacy, information, teachable, creator
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   Teachable gives you choices with respect to our use of your personal information. These choices include accessing, updating, or deleting your personal information, as well as choosing what communications you would like to receive from us. Depending on your location, you may have additional rights related to your personal information (see the Jurisdiction Specific Provisions section below for more information about location-specific privacy rights).  You can also choose not to provide us with certain personal information, but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our Platform because that information may be required for you to register for an account, purchase Teachable Services, enroll in Creator Content, participate in our promotional offerings, get customer support, or engage in other activities on our Platform.  Please note that in cases where you wish to exercise your data privacy rights with respect to personal information for which a Creator is the controller, you’ll need to directly contact the Creator to exercise your rights.  Please refer to the ‘Data Privacy Requests and Verification’ section below for information on how to make a data privacy request.  Accessing, Updating, and Deleting Your Personal Information  You can access and update certain personal information about you by visiting yourAccount Settings.  You can also submit a data privacy request to receive a copy of personal information that we hold about you, free of charge.  If you believe that any personal information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, we will work with you to make corrections deemed necessary. Note that we may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.  If you’d like Teachable to delete your account or delete personal information it holds about you, you can submit a deletion request. Note that when we delete your account, personal information that you have shared with others (for example, through comments or an intake form) may still be visible. Teachable will also retain certain personal information about you where reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations or for our legitimate business purposes.  Data Privacy Requests and Verification  You can request to access, update, or delete your personal information by emailing us at privacy@teachable.com from the email address associated with your account.  If you would like to make a request under the privacy laws of your jurisdiction, please let us know where you reside and which rights you’d like to exercise. For more information about exercising your jurisdiction-specific privacy rights, please see section ‘Jurisdiction Specific Provisions’ below.  To protect your privacy, we need to verify your identity before we process your data privacy request. As part of this process, we will need to receive the request from you via the email address associated with your account. Depending on the nature of the request, we may also need to obtain additional information necessary for us to verify your identity.You may designate an authorized agent to make a data privacy request on your behalf. To do so, we will need to receive written permission by you or a valid power of attorney, and we may also verify the validity of the request directly with you.  Controlling Promotional Communications  You can opt out of receiving some or all of our promotional communications through the unsubscribe link in the email or by emailingsupport@teachable.com.  If you opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you transactional communications, such as service announcements, administrative and legal notices, and information about your account, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of these communications. If you no longer wish to use our Platform or receive any communications from us (except for those that are legally required), please contactsupport@teachable.comto have us delete your account.  Please note that opting out of promotional email communications only affects future communications from us. If we have already provided your information to a third party (such as a credit card processing partner) before you changed your preferences or updated your information, you may have to change your preferences directly with that third party.  Controlling Cookies and Similar Technologies  Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to remove or reject cookies. Note, however, that deleting cookies or directing your browser to refuse them may limit your ability to use certain portions of our Platform that require cookies to function. For more information on our use of cookies and similar technologies and how you can opt out, please refer to ourCookie Policy.  Do Not Track Signals  Your browser may give you the option to send a “Do Not Track” instruction to websites you visit. However, since there is no accepted standard for how a website should respond to this instruction, we do not currently recognize or respond to these signals.  Jurisdiction Specific Provisions  Users in the European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland  Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable laws, users in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), UK, and Switzerland have the right, under certain conditions, to request access to, rectification of, or erasure of their personal information; request restriction of processing; object to processing; withdraw consent from processing; and the right to data portability.  If you are in the EEA, UK and Switzerland and would like to exercise these rights, please email us atprivacy@teachable.compursuant to the ‘Data Privacy Requests and Verification’ section above. Please include the phrase “GDPR request” in the subject line and provide us with your mailing address and state of residence.  Teachable only collects and processes personal information about you where it has lawful bases for doing so. The specific legal basis applied to the processing will depend on the context in which the personal information is being processed, including the service used and the type of personal information involved.  Teachable uses the following legal bases for processing:  For the performance of a contract.We will process your personal information to fulfill our contractual obligations with you, such as to provide you with access to Teachable Services, to communicate with you regarding your use of Teachable Services, and to comply with our Terms of Use.For legitimate interests.We will process your personal information for our legitimate interests or those of others (as long as the processing is not outweighed by your data protection interests). This includes but is not limited to, preventing fraud and other abuse, ensuring the security of our Platform, protecting our legal rights and interests, conducting  market research and product development, and for marketing purposes.To comply with legal obligations.We will process your personal information to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, court orders, and government and law enforcement agencies’ requests.Consent.We will process your personal information when you have given us consent to do so, such as when you consent to receive certain communications from us.  If you’d like to withdraw your consent or object to our processing of your personal information, please contactprivacy@teachable.com.  If you believe that we have not adequately addressed your concerns or wish to report an alleged infringement of applicable data privacy laws, you may file a complaint with your local supervisory authority.  Teachable has appointed MCF Legal Technology Solutions Limited as its EU representative for purposes of GDPR.  Our EU representative may be contacted via privacy@teachable.com.  Users in California  This section provides details about rights California consumers may exercise under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and other privacy and data protection laws, as applicable.  Under the CCPA, California consumers have the the following rights:  The right to request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about them and how that information has been used over the past 12 months. They may also request a copy of this information, free of chargeThe right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected about them, subject to certain exceptionsIf a business sells personal information, the right to opt-out of the sale.At Teachable, we do not sell personal information that we collect about our users, as provided in the CCPAThe right not to be discriminated against if you choose to exercise any of these rights  Under California’s ‘Shine the Light’ law, California residents have the right to request certain information relating to personal information we have shared with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Note that we only share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes when you request us to do so or you expressly consent to it.  If you are a California resident and would like to exercise your rights under the CCPA or California’s ‘Shine the Light’ law, email us at privacy@teachable.com pursuant to the ‘Data Privacy Requests and Verification’ section above. Please specify which privacy right you’re exercising in the subject line (for example ‘CCPA deletion request’) and provide us with your mailing address and state of residence.  Other Information  Information Security  Teachable uses a range of physical, technical, and administrative security measures  to protect your personal information. For example, only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information, and they may do so only for permitted business functions. In addition, we use encryption in the transmission of financial information between your system and ours, and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information. However, no method of data transmission or storage system is absolutely secure, and we cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed in the event of a breach of any of our security measures.  Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password to access certain parts of our Platform, you are responsible for protecting this password and keeping it confidential. As the safety and security of your information also depends on the precautions you take, we ask you not to share your password with anyone. If you believe your password or the security of your account has been compromised, you should change your password immediately and contact security@teachable.com with any concerns.  Data Retention  We save personal information we collect for as long as it is necessary for the purposes for which the personal information is collected and processed. Generally, we will keep your personal information until your account is deleted, or as needed to provide you with our services. We will also retain certain personal information to comply with our legal obligations or for our legitimate business purposes.  International Transfers of Information  Teachable is based in the United States and it stores, processes, and transfers information in and to servers and databases located in the United States. It may also store, process, and transfer information in and to servers in other countries depending on the location of its affiliates and service providers.  If you use our Platform outside the United States, including in the EEA, UK, and Switzerland, your information will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States. By accessing our Platform or otherwise giving us information, you consent to the transfer of information to the United States and other countries outside your country of residence.  We rely on legal bases to transfer information outside of the EEA, UK, and Switzerland. For example, transfers involving personal information of Creators located outside the United States are necessary for the performance of the contract between Teachable and our Creators, as established in our Terms of Use. With respect to the processing of information by our service providers on our behalf,  we take all necessary steps required under applicable law to ensure that their transfer of information across borders is compliant with applicable law. This may include the use of EU model clauses or ensuring that the recipient is certified under the US-EU Privacy Shield framework.  We take many steps to protect your privacy, including entering into aData Processing Agreementwith our Creators. If you’d like more information about the safeguards we have in place, please contact us atprivacy@teachable.com.  Third Parties and Other Personal Information Collectors  Except as otherwise expressly specified in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of personal information Teachable collects from you. To the extent that you disclose your personal information to other parties through our Platform, whether between Creator and Student or with other users, different rules may apply to how they use and share your personal information. Accordingly, you will need to look at the privacy policies of these third parties to understand their data privacy practices.  As further explained in our Terms of Use, our Platform may include links to third party websites. We are not responsible for the content of such websites or the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting those sites. We recommend that you exercise caution and review the privacy policies applicable to the websites in question.  No Rights of Third Parties  This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of our Platform.  Changes to Our Privacy Policy  We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about our privacy practices, as we may review and update our processes from time to time.  If we make a change that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you through email, by posting a notification on our website, or as required by law. Unless otherwise stated, changes to this Privacy Policy will take effect immediately as of the date it is posted. By continuing to use our Platform after Privacy Policy changes go into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.  Contact Us  If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or Teachable’s handling of your personal information, or if you would like to exercise your rights described in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:  Teachable, Inc.470 Park Avenue South, 6th FloorNew York, New York 10016Email:privacy@teachable.com 