Title: 
URL: https://www.frontiersin.org/legal/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: websites, licence, website, frontiers, rights, terms, content, rules, including, article
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   As a user, registered or not, you may use all open functionalities of the Frontiers websites if you comply with all our terms.  Some functionality may be restricted to registered users or to certain types of users (such as editors).  You may benefit from theCC-BY licenceover articles and other content as described elsewhere in these terms.  If you are a registered user, you may create links to Frontiers websites from other respectable websites, but not from any website which does not comply with the requirements of these terms. Frontiers may remove any links and/or to require their removal, and you must comply with such a request.  Frontiers is not responsible for the content of third-party websites.  Uploading of videos and similar materials is subject to all related rules, including third-party and intellectual property rules.  Be aware of the warranties you give concerning your right to upload any content.  8.	Infringement of Your Rights  We believe in respecting the rights of all, including rights granted by law and those generally accepted in academia.  If you believe your rights have been infringed, please contact us at this address:claims@frontiersin.org.  9.	Exclusion of Users  We expressly reserve the right to refuse applications to register with Frontiers and/or to suspend or cancel the accounts of users, at our discretion.  10. Privacy, Personal Data and Cookies  Frontiers strives to comply, as a minimum, with Swiss and EU laws on privacy and data protection and to apply the principles of recognised cross-border data protection procedures.
    Our updatedPrivacy Policyprovides detailed information on what personal data we collect, how we use it and your rights
    concerning our processing of your data.  You are responsible for maintaining the security of your password.  Do not share your password with any other person.  If your password security may have been breached, change it immediately.  Choose strong passwords and avoid obvious passwords.  You must notify Frontiers immediately if you believe that unauthorised access has been gained to your account.  Frontiers is not responsible for any damage suffered by you due to a lack of security on your part.  It is important to keep your personal information up to date.  Please check it regularly.  Be aware that your public profile may be viewed by anyone visiting your profile on the Frontiers website, in any country. To change your privacy settings with Frontiers pleaselog into your account.     We believe in respecting the rights of all, including rights granted by law and those generally accepted in academia.  If you believe your rights have been infringed, please contact us at this address:claims@frontiersin.org.  9.	Exclusion of Users  We expressly reserve the right to refuse applications to register with Frontiers and/or to suspend or cancel the accounts of users, at our discretion.  10. Privacy, Personal Data and Cookies  Frontiers strives to comply, as a minimum, with Swiss and EU laws on privacy and data protection and to apply the principles of recognised cross-border data protection procedures.
    Our updatedPrivacy Policyprovides detailed information on what personal data we collect, how we use it and your rights
    concerning our processing of your data.  You are responsible for maintaining the security of your password.  Do not share your password with any other person.  If your password security may have been breached, change it immediately.  Choose strong passwords and avoid obvious passwords.  You must notify Frontiers immediately if you believe that unauthorised access has been gained to your account.  Frontiers is not responsible for any damage suffered by you due to a lack of security on your part.  It is important to keep your personal information up to date.  Please check it regularly.  Be aware that your public profile may be viewed by anyone visiting your profile on the Frontiers website, in any country. To change your privacy settings with Frontiers pleaselog into your account.     Frontiers may choose not to enforce its rights in the event of a breach of these Terms.  Such forbearance does not prevent Frontiers from enforcing that right in the future.  34.	No Third-Party Rights  No third party (except your co-authors on submission of an article) obtains any rights from your contract with Frontiers, which is personal to you.  35.	Force Majeure  Neither you nor Frontiers are / is liable for failure to fulfil obligations due to circumstances beyond the reasonable control of the affected party, but both you and Frontiers undertake to take all reasonable measures to limit the duration and effect of those circumstances and to find other ways of fulfilling your or its obligations.  36.	Governing Law and Jurisdiction  Your agreement with Frontiers, including these terms and all other matters referred to above, is governed exclusively by the laws of Switzerland.  You and Frontiers agree to seek in good faith to resolve any disputes through good-faith discussion, negotiation and mediation before resorting to litigation.  Any dispute not so resolved shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland.  Frontiers does not accept any other jurisdiction unless otherwise explicitly agreed by it in writing.  You will consent to any action by us taken to stop or prevent you from bringing an action in breach of this clause, and to indemnify us for our costs in bringing such an action.   No third party (except your co-authors on submission of an article) obtains any rights from your contract with Frontiers, which is personal to you.  35.	Force Majeure  Neither you nor Frontiers are / is liable for failure to fulfil obligations due to circumstances beyond the reasonable control of the affected party, but both you and Frontiers undertake to take all reasonable measures to limit the duration and effect of those circumstances and to find other ways of fulfilling your or its obligations.  36.	Governing Law and Jurisdiction  Your agreement with Frontiers, including these terms and all other matters referred to above, is governed exclusively by the laws of Switzerland.  You and Frontiers agree to seek in good faith to resolve any disputes through good-faith discussion, negotiation and mediation before resorting to litigation.  Any dispute not so resolved shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland.  Frontiers does not accept any other jurisdiction unless otherwise explicitly agreed by it in writing.  You will consent to any action by us taken to stop or prevent you from bringing an action in breach of this clause, and to indemnify us for our costs in bringing such an action.   All content included on Frontiers websites (including Loop), such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, video/audio clips, downloads, data compilations and software, is the property of Frontiers if created by Frontiers, or of the person or entity who or which owned it prior to submission to Frontiers. If not owned by Frontiers, it is licensed to Frontiers Media SA (Frontiers) or its licensees and/or subcontractors.  The copyright in the text of individual articles (including research articles, opinion articles, book reviews, conference proceedings and abstracts) is not the property of Frontiers, and its ownership is not affected by its submission to or publication by Frontiers.  Frontiers benefits from a general licence over all content submitted to it, and both Frontiers and its users benefit from aCreative Commons CC-BY licenceover all content, as specified below.  Images and graphics not forming part of user-contributed materials are the property of or are licensed to Frontiers may not be downloaded or copied without Frontiers’ explicit and specific permission or in accordance with any specific copyright notice attached to that material.  The combination of all content on Frontiers websites,  as well as the design and the look and feel of the Frontiers websites, and the copyright and all other rights in such content and combination, are the sole property of Frontiers.  As an author or contributor you grant permission to others to reproduce your articles,including any graphics and third-party materials supplied by you, in accordance with theFrontiers Terms and Conditions. The licence granted to third parties over all contents of each article,including third-party elements, is a Creative Commons Attribution ("CC BY") licence.
    The current version isCC-BY, version 4.0, and the licence will automatically be updated as and when updated by the Creative Commons organisation.  You may include a requirement to reproduce copyright notices in materials contributed by you, but you may not restrict the right to reproduce the entire article, including third-party graphics.  This means that you must obtain any necessary third-party consents and permissions to reproduce third-party materials in your articles submitted to Frontiers.  E-books are subject to the same licensing conditions as the articles within them.  Articles published prior to the effective date of this notice:Please note that reproduction of third-party graphics and other third-party materials contained in articles published prior to the effective date of this notice may be subject to third-party notices prohibiting their reproduction without permission. You must comply with those notices.  Articles published prior to July 2012:The licence granted for these articles may be different and you should check the pdf version of any article to establish what licence was granted. If an article, dating from before July 2012, carries only a non-commercial licence and you wish to obtain a commercial licence, please contact Frontiers ateditorial.office@frontiersin.org.  All software used on this website, and the copyright in the code constituting such software, is the property of or is licensed to Frontiers and its use is restricted in accordance with theFrontiers Terms and Conditions. All copyright, and all rights therein, are protected by national and international copyright laws.  This Copyright Statement comes into effect on25th May, 2018.   We want to make you aware of updates to our privacy policy, terms and copyright statement.  Below we say a few words about each of them, and we encourage you to read them.  We have updated ourPrivacy Policy  It is important to keep you informed about what data of yours we may have, as well as how we use, share and protect it.  Our new, updated privacy policy does all of this, informs you of your options and also gives you detailed information about thecookiesused on our websites. 
    This is part of our work to ensure we are aligned with the new EU General Data Protection Regulation.  We have updated ourTerms  The main changes in our terms are these:  Registration with Frontiers and the Loop network for researchers is now unified.Third-party materials are now subject to theCreative Commons CC-BY (attribution) licence, and you therefore promise Frontiers, when submitting an article, that you have the permission of owners of all third-party materials forming part of your articleClarification of the provisions regarding exclusive rights for Frontiers until an article is published or rejected by FrontiersRemoval of the old indemnity clause.  We have updated ourCopyright Statement  The main changes in our Copyright Statement are these:  All materials in articles, including third-party materials, are now subject to theCreative Commons CC-BY licence.  All third-party permissions must be in place to publish those materials on CC-BY terms.E-books are now subject to exactly the same CC-BY licence as the individual articles within them.  All changes are with effect from 25th May, 2018.   The main changes in our Copyright Statement are these:  All materials in articles, including third-party materials, are now subject to theCreative Commons CC-BY licence.  All third-party permissions must be in place to publish those materials on CC-BY terms.E-books are now subject to exactly the same CC-BY licence as the individual articles within them.  All changes are with effect from 25th May, 2018. 