Title: Privacy policy
URL: https://www.workable.com/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: website, account, services, data, request, personal, information, privacy, provide, policy, workable

Reduced Policy:  California Resident Rights If you are a California resident, you have the rights outlined in this section. Please see the “Exercising Your Rights” section below for instructions regarding how to exercise these rights. If there are any conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Policy and you are a California resident, the portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us at[email protected]. Access You have the right to request certain information about our collection and use of your Personal Data over the past 12 months. We will provide you with the following information: The categories of Personal Data that we have collected about you.The categories of sources from which that Personal Data was collected.The business or commercial purpose for collecting your Personal Data.The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Data.The specific pieces of Personal Data that we have collected about you. If we have disclosed your Personal Data for a business purpose over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data shared with each category of third party recipient. Deletion You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Data that we have collected from you. Under the CCPA, this right is subject to certain exceptions: for example, we may need to retain your Personal Data to provide you with the Services or complete a transaction or other action you have requested. If your deletion request is subject to one of these exceptions, we may deny your deletion request. Exercising Your Rights To exercise the rights described above, you must send us a request that (1) provides sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a “Valid Request.” We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request. We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 45 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request. You may submit a Valid Request using the following methods: Call us at: +1 844-657-7637Emailing us at:[email protected] We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the CCPA. Other California Resident Rights Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to contact us to prevent disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes; in order to submit such a request, please contact us at[email protected]. Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites. Our Services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” you can visitwww.allaboutdnt.com. Nevada Resident Rights If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain Personal Data to third parties who intend to license or sell that Personal Data. You can exercise this right by contacting us at[email protected]with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. Please note that we do not currently sell your Personal Data as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A. European Union Data Subject Rights If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”), United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway, or Iceland, under theGeneral Data Protection Regulationyou have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include rights to: access to your Personal Data and to certain other supplementary information that this Policy is already designed to addressrequire Us to correct any mistakes in your information which We holdrequire the erasure of Personal Data concerning you in certain situationsreceive the Personal Data concerning you which you have provided to Us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situationsobject at any time to processing of Personal Data concerning you for direct marketingobject to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect youobject in certain other situations to our continued processing of your Personal Dataotherwise restrict our processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstancesclaim compensation for damages caused by our breach of any data protection laws. For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see theGuidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individuals rights under the General Data Protection Regulation. If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please: contact us using our Contact details belowlet Us have enough information to identify you,let Us have proof of your identity and address. Where you are a user of our Services you should email us from the email address that you used to register with Workable. Receipt of an email from this address will usually be sufficient to confirm your identity. In all other cases we may request one or more identification documents, such as a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill; andlet Us know the information to which your request relates.