Title: Privacy Policy – Arm
URL: https://www.arm.com/company/policies/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: websites, policy, contact, data, personal, services, interest, privacy, information, arm, process
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   If you are located in a European Union Member State and certain other countries, you have the following additional rights:  Access and / or have your information provided to you  You can request a copy of the Personal Data we are processing about you.  Change or correct  You can ask us to change, fix or update information about you (for example, if it is incomplete or inaccurate).  Deletion  You can ask us to delete Personal Data about you.  Restrictor limit use  You have the right to restrict our processing (i.e., stop any active processing) of your Personal Data (for example, if the information about you is inaccurate).  Portability  In certain circumstances, you have the right to obtain Personal Data we hold about you in a structured, electronic format, and to transmit such data to another data controller.  Object  You have the right to object to Arm using your Personal Data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, or where we are using the data for direct marketing). See below for information about how to unsubscribe to direct marketing.  Opt-out  You can withdraw your consent, including for marketing messages that you receive from us.  Please note that these rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal Personal Data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority as described below.  Make a Data Subject Access Request  Your California Privacy Rights  If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit the CCPA Privacy Statement. 