Title: AAX
URL: https://www.aax.com/legal-privacy/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: collectively, data, services, products, example, provide, account, information, known, aax, support
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:  6.1.You have the right to:(a) be informed of what we do with your Personal Information;(b) request a copy of Personal Information we hold about you;(c) require us to correct any inaccuracy or error in any Personal Information we hold about you;(d) request erasure of your personal information (note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions, or to comply with our legal obligations);(e) object to or restrict the processing by us of your personal information (including for marketing purposes);(f) request to receive some of your personal information in a structured, commonly used, and machine readable format, and request that we transfer such information to another party; and(g) withdraw your consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal information (although this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent). 6.2.Our Platform enables you to update certain information about yourself, for example you may change your business or personal information by contacting customer service. 6.3.You may opt out of receiving marketing materials from us by contacting us. Please note, however, that even if you opt out from receiving marketing materials from us, you will continue to receive notifications or information from us that are necessary for the use of our products or services. 6.4.As a security measure, we may need specific information from you to help us confirm your identity when processing your privacy requests or when you exercise your rights. 6.5.Any request under paragraph 6.1 will normally be addressed free of charge. However, we may charge a reasonable administration fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. 6.6.We will respond to all legitimate requests approximately within one (1) month. Occasionally, it may take us longer than one (1) month if your request is particularly complex or if you have made a number of requests. a.Data Transfers{br}If you are visiting from the European Union (''EU'') that may differ from privacy laws under other jurisdictions, please note that you may be transferring your Personal Information to us for storage and processing in other countries around the world for the purposes described under this Privacy Policy. We take great care in protecting your Personal Information and have put in place adequate mechanisms to protect it when it is transferred internationally. b.Legal basis for using your Personal InformationIf you are a visitor from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described above will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. For the European Economic Area, there are different legal bases that we rely on to use your Personal Information, namely: Performance of a contract. The use of your Personal Information may be necessary to perform the terms and conditions or other policies under which we provide our Services.Consent. We will rely on your consent to use (i) technical information such as cookie data and geolocation data; and (ii) your Personal Information for marketing purposes. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the information at the end of this Privacy Policy or by following an unsubscribe link in any marketing communication you receive from us.Legitimate interests. We may use your Personal Information for our legitimate interests to improve our Services, security purposes, and fraud prevention, and to share information with our affiliates for internal administration. In such circumstances it is for us to ensure that these interests are not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. If we collect and use your Personal Information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will normally be for to operate our platform and communicating with you as necessary to provide our services to you and for our legitimate commercial interest, for instance, when responding to your queries, improving our platform, undertaking marketing, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal activities. We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are. c.Legal Basis TableProcessing purposeType of data processedLegal basisTo register you as a user on our PlatformAccount DataTo perform our contract with youTo enable you to use our products and servicesAccount Data, Transaction Data, Support Data, Technical Data [and User Content]To perform our contract with youTo process your paymentsAccount Data, Transaction Data, Financial DataTo perform our contract with youTo administer and maintain safety and security of our PlatformTechnical DataTo perform our contract with youTo study usage of our products or servicesTransaction Data, Support Data, Technical Data, Usage DataLegitimate interest to improve our Platform, products, and servicesTo gather feedback on our products, services, or featuresAccount DataLegitimate interest to improve our Platform, products, and services d.Rights under EU lawIf your Personal Information is subject to the protections offered by EU law, you may:Access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Information, at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under the 'Contacting Us' section below (in accordance with applicable data protection laws); We may charge a reasonable fee for any manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive requests;Object to processing of your Personal Information, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Information or request portability of your Personal Information for the legitimate interests that we have set out above. In certain circumstances we may not be able to stop using your personal information but, if that is the case, we will let you know and tell you why;Withdraw your consent at any time if we have collected and process your Personal Information with your consent;Opt-out of any marketing communications that we (or any third party to whom we have disclosed your personal information with your consent) may send you;Complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.Please note that if you are not subject to EU law, these rights do not apply to you. e.AAX Exchange (Malta) Ltd is the Data Controller in relation to our Platform and are responsible for your personal data.You may contact us at:support@aax.comif you have any concerns about this policy and your personal information or if you would like to file a data request.