Title: Privacy policy
URL: https://www.mckinsey.com/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, request, sites, data, personal, services, party, privacy, information, mckinsey, collected
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   Where granted by applicable law, you may have the right to request access to the personal data that we have collected about you for the purposes of reviewing, modifying, or requesting deletion of the data. You may also have the right to request a copy of the personal data that we have collected about you and to have any inaccuracies in that data corrected. In certain circumstances, you may also request that we cease processing your personal data.  If you would like to make a request to access, review, or correct the personal data we have collected about you, or to discuss how we process your personal data, please contact us atdatasubjectrights@mckinsey.com. To help protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as requiring a password and user ID, before granting access to your personal data. We will make reasonable attempts to promptly investigate, comply with, or otherwise respond to your requests as may be required by applicable law. Different laws may prevent us from providing access to your personal data or otherwise fully complying with your request depending upon the circumstances and the request, such as for example, where producing your information may reveal the identity of someone else. We reserve the right to charge an appropriate fee for complying with your request where allowed by applicable law, and/or deny your requests where they may be manifestly unfounded, and/or excessive, or otherwise objectionable or unwarranted under applicable law.  In addition, and where granted by local law, you have the legal right to lodge a complaint
with a competent data protection authority.  Unsubscribe  If you have registered for McKinsey newsletter or alerts, or you receive invitations to survey or events from McKinsey and you prefer not to receive future email communications from us, please review the communications settings in your profile on mckinsey.com, follow the instructions on the page of the Site where you have provided such information, subscribed or registered or write toglobal_unsubscribes@mckinsey.comto unsubscribe from all McKinsey communications.  Your California privacy rights  If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any of the Sites where this Privacy Policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information toprivacy@mckinsey.com. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.  As required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), this Privacy Policy describes the categories of personal data collected, processed, and disclosed by McKinsey, the categories of sources for that data, and the business or commercial purposes for which that data is collected, processed, and disclosed.  In addition, under California law, you may have the right (up to two times in any 12-month period) to request more information about McKinsey’s collection, use, disclosure, and sale of personal data about you including:  The categories of personal data about you that we have collected in the preceding 12 months and the categories of sources of that information,The categories of sources from which we have collected that information in the preceding 12 months,The commercial or business reason(s) we have collected, used, disclosed, or sold that information, andThe categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed or sold that information in the preceding 12 months.In addition, upon receipt of a verifiable request from you establishing your identity, you may have the right to know about the specific pieces of personal data that we have collected about you and/or shared with third parties in the preceding 12 months.  You may also have the right to request deletion of personal data about you that we have collected or maintain, which we will honor subject to certain limitations set forth in California law.  If you are a California consumer and you or your authorized agent would like to exercise your privacy rights, please contact us at datasubjectrights@mckinsey.com, or call us at +1-888-914-9661 using the six-digit PIN code: 736 415. When we process your request, we require you to provide certain personal data about you in order to verify your identity in accordance with requirements under CCPA. This may include your first and last name, email address, physical address, telephone number, and information about your relationship with us or other information needed to verify your identity.  McKinsey will not discriminate against you based on your exercise of any of these rights.  Consent; changes to Privacy Policy  By using the Sites, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your personal data
by us in the manner described in this Privacy Policy and elsewhere on the Sites. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will alert you to any such changes by updating this Privacy Policy. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that increase our rights to use personal data that we have previously collected about you, we will obtain your consent either through an email to your registered email address or by prominently posting information about the changes on our Sites.  Contact us  If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or if you would like to communicate with our EU Data Protection Officer or the Data Privacy Team, please contact us at:  McKinsey & CompanyLegal Department711 Third AvenueNew York, NY 10017+1 212 446 7000privacy@mckinsey.com   If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any of the Sites where this Privacy Policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information toprivacy@mckinsey.com. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.  As required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), this Privacy Policy describes the categories of personal data collected, processed, and disclosed by McKinsey, the categories of sources for that data, and the business or commercial purposes for which that data is collected, processed, and disclosed.  In addition, under California law, you may have the right (up to two times in any 12-month period) to request more information about McKinsey’s collection, use, disclosure, and sale of personal data about you including:  The categories of personal data about you that we have collected in the preceding 12 months and the categories of sources of that information,The categories of sources from which we have collected that information in the preceding 12 months,The commercial or business reason(s) we have collected, used, disclosed, or sold that information, andThe categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed or sold that information in the preceding 12 months.In addition, upon receipt of a verifiable request from you establishing your identity, you may have the right to know about the specific pieces of personal data that we have collected about you and/or shared with third parties in the preceding 12 months.  You may also have the right to request deletion of personal data about you that we have collected or maintain, which we will honor subject to certain limitations set forth in California law.  If you are a California consumer and you or your authorized agent would like to exercise your privacy rights, please contact us at datasubjectrights@mckinsey.com, or call us at +1-888-914-9661 using the six-digit PIN code: 736 415. When we process your request, we require you to provide certain personal data about you in order to verify your identity in accordance with requirements under CCPA. This may include your first and last name, email address, physical address, telephone number, and information about your relationship with us or other information needed to verify your identity.  McKinsey will not discriminate against you based on your exercise of any of these rights.  Consent; changes to Privacy Policy  By using the Sites, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your personal data
by us in the manner described in this Privacy Policy and elsewhere on the Sites. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will alert you to any such changes by updating this Privacy Policy. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that increase our rights to use personal data that we have previously collected about you, we will obtain your consent either through an email to your registered email address or by prominently posting information about the changes on our Sites.  Contact us  If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or if you would like to communicate with our EU Data Protection Officer or the Data Privacy Team, please contact us at:  McKinsey & CompanyLegal Department711 Third AvenueNew York, NY 10017+1 212 446 7000privacy@mckinsey.com 