Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: contact, collect, services, data, products, personal, information, privacy, provide, policy, apple

Reduced Policy:   You can help ensure that your contact information and preferences are accurate, complete, and up to date by signing in to yourApple ID account page. For other personal information we hold, we will provide you with access (including a copy) for any purpose including to request that we correct the data if it is inaccurate or delete the data if Apple is not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes.  We may decline to process requests that are frivolous/vexatious, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law. We may also decline aspects of deletion or access requests if we believe doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes as described earlier. Online tools for the exercise of access, deactivation/restriction, correction, or deletion requests are available on a regional basis by signing in toprivacy.apple.com. For users with Shazam accounts sign in towww.shazam.com/privacy. When you make a request using these online tools, we will verify your identity and the legitimacy of your request.  California  The California Consumer Privacy Act provides California consumers with the right to obtain from Apple information about the personal information about you that we collect, use, and disclose. You can exercise your rights through an authorized agent by providing relevant details to allow sign in toprivacy.apple.com. If you cannot access Apple’s online tools, you or your agent can make a request toapple.com/legal/privacy/contactor by calling 1-800-275-2273.  If you choose to exercise your privacy rights, you have the right to not to receive discriminatory treatment or a lesser degree of service from Apple.  Nevada  You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. Apple does not sell your personal information.  See our page onunderstanding and controlling your personal informationfor more information on exercising your rights. Where the online tool is not currently available for access requests in your region, a request may be made directly toapple.com/legal/privacy/contact. 