Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.shimano.com/en/privacypolicy.html
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: scope, utilization, safety, personal, information, order, privacy, handling, policy, purpose, company, reasonable

Reduced Policy:   You have the right to request from Shimano access to and rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing concerning you or to object to processing as well as the right to data portability.Where the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw the consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.You have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing of your personal data with the Dutch Data Protection Authority (Autoriteit persoonsgegevens) or the possible competent supervisory authority in your country.You may invoke any of these rights by sending your request to: privacy@shimano-eu.com.We reserve the right to refuse any requests if your identity cannot be demonstrated by you and/or we can invoke any of the exceptions stated in the GDPR. In such case, we will inform you of the refusal.  15. Changes to our privacy policy  We will occasionally update this privacy policy as necessary to protect our users and to accommodate a changing environment. The changes to our privacy policy will be deemed to be effective from the date of posting on our Sites unless we specify otherwise. We recommend that you check the privacy policy when you visit our Sites to be sure that you are aware of and understand our current privacy policy. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we will make efforts to prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. We will not make any retroactive material changes in how we handle previously collected personal data unless you allow us to do so, or unless we are legally required to do so, and in such a case we will make efforts to inform visitors of information on material changes to this privacy policy.  16. Contact information for questions or complaints  Please contact our privacy department if you have any questions, comments or complaints regarding this privacy policy, our privacy practices or our treatment of your personal data, using the following contact details:privacy@shimano-eu.com.This privacy policy was last updated on 1 October 2018.*Please note that this privacy policy also applies to any processing of personal data concerning non-EU residents obtained through the Sites to which the GDPR applies.   The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.  Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights  You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:  ・The categories of personal information we collected about you.・The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.・Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information.・The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.・The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also known as a “data portability request”).・If we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, a separate list disclosing:・disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.  Deletion Request Rights  You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.  We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:  1. Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.2. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.3. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.4. Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.5. Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).6. Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.7. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.8. Comply with a legal obligation.9. Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.  Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights  ・To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us at ccpa@shimano.com.  Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.  You may make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:  ・Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.・Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.  We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.  Response Timing and Format  We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.  We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.  Non-Discrimination  We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:  ・Deny you goods or services.・Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.・Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.・Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.  Changes to Our Privacy Statement for California Residents  We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Statement for California Residents at our discretion and at any time.When we make changes to this Privacy Statement for California Residents, we will notify you.  Contact Information  If you have any questions or comments about Shimano North America Holding, Inc.’s Privacy Statement for California Residents, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at ccpa@shimano.com. 