Title: Privacy policy
URL: https://www.lonelyplanet.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: personal, processing, provide, collect, privacy, data, request, policy, share, information, lonely, planet

Reduced Policy:   You have rights in relation to our use of your personal information. We have set out the rights available to people within the European Economic Area below. If you want to contact us about any of your rights, please be specific in your request and send it by email toprivacy@lonelyplanet.comor by post to Privacy, Lonely Planet, 6th Floor, 240 Blackfriars Road, London SE1 8NW. We will do our best to respond to any request within one month of receiving it, but if your request is complex it may take longer. We aren’t always obliged to say yes to every request: if our answer to your request is no, we’ll explain to you why that is. If you don’t like our answer, you can get in touch with your localsupervisory authority.  Right to request access– you can ask us what information we hold about you and check that we are complying with the laws that apply to the way we use your information. We won’t charge you a fee for this, unless you ask for excessive information or you repeatedly contact us or you don’t have a proper reason to contact us. If you make repeat requests or we don’t believe you have a proper reason for asking us, we might refuse your request. We might ask you for more information about yourself so that we can make sure you are who you say you are before providing you with any information.  Right to request correction– if you think that we have incorrect or incomplete information about you, you can request that we correct or update it. If we think the information is actually correct, we will tell you why. While we are assessing whether or not the information is incorrect or incomplete we will restrict the information. If we have provided incorrect or incomplete information about you to someone else, we will request that they also update your information following your request.  Right to request deletion (“right to be forgotten”)– in the following situations you have the right to ask us to delete your information:  if we no longer need your information for the purpose that we collected itif we asked you for consent to use your information, but you want to withdraw that consentif you object to our use of your personal information and there is no legitimate business interest for us to keep using itwhere we’re using your information against the lawwhere there is a legal obligation that means your information has to be erased  We aren’t always obliged to delete your information when you request it, but if we don’t think we need to delete your information we will tell you why. If we are obliged to delete your information and we have provided that information to someone else, we will, where possible, ask them to delete the information.  Right to object to or restrict processing– you have the right to object to us processing your information where we are processing your personal data for reasons of our legitimate interests and that processing is now causing you harm or you believe it is unlawful. When we receive any objection to processing on these grounds, we will generally restrict access to the information you’ve contacted us about while we assess whether our legitimate interests are lawful and override your objection. If we can demonstrate that our lawful reasons override your objection or that we need to keep your information for legal claims, we are allowed to continue to process your personal information. Otherwise we will either restrict processing of your information or stop processing it altogether.  Right to transfer of your information– where you have provided information to us with your consent, you have the right to request that we provide your information to you, or to someone else, in a commonly used electronic form. We will not charge you for the transfer of your information unless your request is excessive. Also, we have to protect other people’s personal information which means that we may have to remove some information before transferring your information.  Right to withdraw consent– if we have asked you for your consent to process particular items of your personal information, you are entitled to withdraw that consent at any time. If you wish to do so please send an email toprivacy@lonelyplanet.comor a letter to: Privacy, Lonely Planet, 6th Floor, 240 Blackfriars Road, London SE1 8NW explaining which information you are referring to. We will stop processing this particular personal information as soon as possible after receiving your withdrawal. You will not be penalised in any way for withdrawing consent to any processing of your personal information. Alternatively, if you’d like to unsubscribe from one of our emails, you can simply go to the “UNSUBSCRIBE” link in the footer of any email to remove yourself from our list.  As stated above, none of these rights are absolute and we may have lawful reasons to continue processing, whether or not linked to our core public interest activity as a publisher of journalism and travel writing.  Retention of your data  We will only retain your personal data for as long as we have a lawful reason to do so, linked to the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice (including arts and journalism). This is subject to any reasonable requests by you which will be considered as above. 