Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.coupa.com/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: websites, policy, right, protection, data, personal, consent, privacy, information, including, applicable
Policy: 
If you consider that we are in breach of our obligations under data protection laws, you may lodge a complaint with the competent Data Protection Authority, which may be the supervisory authority in your country of residence or place of work, of an alleged violation of data protection laws.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

This privacy policy may be modified from time to time to comply with applicable laws or to conform to our current business practices. We will post any changes to this on our website and, if required by applicable law, will endeavor to notify you via your contact email. We encourage you to revisit the Privacy Statement that is posted on our web site from time to time to check for updates.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION WE WANT YOU TO KNOW:

Transfers outside the EU/EEA. We also transfer the Personal Information we process to countries outside the European Economic Area (”EEA”) (e.g., when one of our service providers or equipment is based outside the EEA, such as for hosting your Personal Information). We have put in place adequate safeguards with respect to the protection of your privacy, fundamental rights and freedoms, and the exercise of your rights, e.g. we establish an adequate level of data protection, usually through EU Standard Contractual Clauses based on the EU commission’s model clauses.

Provision of Personal Information / Automated decision making. Please note that the Personal Information we collect from you is necessary to providing the services and the website to you. Failure to provide such data may not enable us to provide our services to you or make our website accessible. We do not use automatic decision-making or profiling of individuals.

Your Rights. You may have various rights under data privacy laws in your country or state. These may include (where required by law): the right to request access to the Personal Information we hold about you; the right to rectification including to require us to correct inaccurate Personal Information; the right to request restriction of processing concerning you or to object to processing of your Personal Information, the right to request the erasure of your Personal Information where it is no longer necessary for us to retain it; the right to data portability including to obtain Personal Information in a commonly used machine readable format in certain circumstances such as where our processing of it is based on a consent; the right to object to automated decision making including profiling (if any) that has a legal or significant effect on you as an individual; and the right to withdraw your consent to any processing for which you have previously given that consent.

Marketing Information. With your consent (if obtaining such consent is required by law), we will keep your name, address and contact details (including telephone numbers and email addresses) in our databases and may from time to time use that information to make you aware of our related products and services as well as updates on developments in our industry sector generally which may be of interest to you. We may contact you in writing, by telephone or email for this. If permitted by applicable law, we may share such information with our event sponsors and/or partners for their own commercial purposes without your consent. If at any time you decide that you do not want your contact details used or shared for these purposes, where applicable, you may object or revoke your consent for receiving marketing communications by following the instructions in the relevant marketing communication (e.g., clicking on the “Unsubscribe” button), by contacting us (see “Give Us Your Feedback” above), or, if applicable to the scenario, by visiting the preference center at https://get.coupa.com/Preference-Center.html.

Security Statement. We take reasonable precautions to protect your information. In particular, we implemented appropriate technical and organisational measures designed to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, including as appropriate: (a) pseudonymisation (such as where data is separated from direct identifiers so that linkage to an identity is not possible without additional information that is held separately) and encryption, (b) protecting the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of systems and services used to process your Personal Information, (c) providing the ability to restore the availability and access to Personal Information in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident; and (d) maintaining a process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organizational security measures. When you submit information to us through our website, your information is protected both online and offline. All data transferred to/from the Coupa internal network, from/to an external entity, is encrypted to industry standards (256-bit encryption). Please keep in mind that messages you send to us by Internet e-mail may not be secure. We maintain appropriate physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of your personal information within our company. Only those employees who may require your information to perform a specific job are granted access to your organization’s identifiable information. Furthermore, all employees are kept up to date on our security and privacy practices.

Our Use of Cookies and Analytic Tools. Coupa uses “cookies” and analytic tools as further described in our Cookie Policy.

Third Party Websites. Our websites and mobile apps may contain links to third-party websites. If you follow these links, you will exit our websites or mobile apps. This privacy policy does not apply to websites of third parties. Coupa cannot accept liability for the use of your Personal Information by these third parties. Your use of these websites is at your own risk. For more information on how these third parties treat your Personal Information, please check their privacy policy (if available).


