Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: websites, policy, data, personal, services, 1111, cloudflare, privacy, information, customers, users
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   For any subject access request ("SAR"), we will need to verify a requestor is inquiring about their own information before we can assist. Where a SAR may implicate the personal data of another individual, we must balance the request against the risk of violating another person’s privacy rights. We will comply with SARs to the extent required by applicable law or the US-Swiss or US-EU Privacy Shield. In the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.  Attendees, Website Visitors, Customers, Administrators, and Registrants.You have the right to access, correct, update, export, or delete your personal information. You may email us atSAR@cloudflare.comwith any such subject access requests (“SAR”), and we will respond within thirty (30) days. Customers and Administrators also can access, correct, export, or update their Account Information by editing their profile or organization record at cloudflare.com.  Public DNS Resolver Users.We do not retain any personal information about 1.1.1.1 resolver users that would be subject to the data subject rights described above.  End Users.Cloudflare has no direct relationship with End Users. Even where “Cloudflare” may be indicated as the authoritative name server for a domain, unless Cloudflare is the owner of that domain, we have no control over a domain’s content. Accordingly, we rely upon our Customers to comply with the underlying legal requirements for subject access requests. If an End User requests that we access, correct, update, or delete their information, or no longer wishes to be contacted by one of our Customers that use our Services, we will direct that End User to contact the Customer website(s) with which they interacted directly. Our Customers are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to their website users.   