Title: Read our Privacy Statement & Policy
URL: https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: google, read, policy, website, data, personal, address, provide, cookies, privacy, information, statement
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   As the data subject, you have the right of access (Art 15 GDPR), the right to rectification (Art 16 GDPR), the right to erasure of your personal data (Art 17 GDPR), the right to restriction of processing of your personal data (Art 18 GDPR) as well as the right to data portability (Art 20 GDPR). Furthermore, you have the option to file a complaint against the processing of your personal data with the competent supervisory authority (in this case Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit athttps://www.datenschutz-berlin.de/).  If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you can revoke the given consent at any time. Such revocation affects the admissibility of the processing of your personal data after you make such revocation.  You can object to the processing of your personal data insofar as we base the processing of your personal data on the balance of interests. This is the case in particular if the processing is not necessary for the fulfilment of a contractual obligation to you, which we in each case present in the description of the functions which follow. In case of such objection, we kindly ask for an explanation of the reasons for the objection against the processing of your personal data. In the case of your justified objection, we will examine the situation and will either discontinue or adapt the data processing or point out to you our compelling legitimate reasons based on which we continue the processing your personal data.  You may, of course, object to the processing of your personal data for advertising and data analysis purposes at any time.  In this case, please send an e-mail toprivacy@adjust.com.  Your California Privacy Rights  If you are a California resident, please review our California Resident Privacy Notice for information regarding your California privacy rights.  Commitment to the EU-US Privacy Shield  Adjust Inc. and Acquired IO LLC comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. Adjust has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visithttps://www.privacyshield.gov/.  In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Adjust commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Adjust at:  Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany  or by sending an email toprivacy@adjust.comat any time.  We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions. Adjust has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning data transferred from the EU.  The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has jurisdiction over our compliance with the Privacy Shield. Under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.  2. Tracking Technologies on our Website  Google Analytics  In order to optimize this website, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how you use this website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. If the IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will previously be truncated by Google within the EU member states or EEA member states. Only in exceptional cases will the IP address be transferred to Google on a server in the United States and thereafter be truncated. On behalf of the website operator, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP address that was transmitted by your browser will not be combined by Google with any other data. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You may also prevent the collection of the data that was generated by the cookie and that is related to the use of the website (including your IP address) as well as its processing by Google by downloading and installing a browser plugin that is available under the following link:http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. Additional information thereto is available athttp://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/privacyoverview.html(general information to Google Analytics and privacy). This Website uses Google Analytics with its extension code “gat._anonymizeIp()“ so that IP addresses will therefore only be processed in a shortened form to prevent persons from being identified.  Google AdWords  We as a Google AdWords customer also use Google Conversion Tracking, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google AdWords places a cookie in your browser (“Conversion Cookie”) if you have accessed our website via a Google ad. These cookies are valid for 30 days. If you access some of our sites and the cookie is still valid, we and Google can recognize that somebody has clicked on the ad and thereafter was transferred to our website. Every AdWords customers uses a different cookie, and therefore it is not possible to track cookies via the websites of AdWords customers. The information obtained via the Conversion Cookie is used in order to assemble conversion reports for AdWords customers. The AdWords customers receive the number of users that have clicked on their ad and have been transferred to a site that includes the Conversion Tracking Tag but they do not receive any information that would allow them to identify the user. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.  Facebook Pixel  We use the “visitor action pixels” from Facebook Inc. on our website. This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to our website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Facebook, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance withFacebook’s Data Usage Policy. You can allow Facebook and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes. You can object to the collection of your data by Facebook pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads in your account-settings. Facebook is certified under theUS-EU Privacy Shield Agreementand thus guarantees compliance with European data protection legislation.  LinkedIn Insight Tag  The LinkedIn Insight Tag is a piece of lightweight JavaScript code that we have added to our websites to enable in-depth campaign reporting and to help us unlock valuable insights about our website visitors. We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to track conversions, retarget website visitors, and unlock additional insights about members interacting with our LinkedIn adverts. The LinkedIn Insight Tag enables the collection of metadata such as IP address information, timestamp, and events such as page views. All data is encrypted. The LinkedIn browser cookie is stored in a visitor's browser until they delete the cookie or the cookie expires. You can opt out of cookies from LinkedIn on yourLinkedIn settings pageand recommend you read theirCookie Policyfor more information.  Marketo  Marketo Inc. is a marketing automation platform focused on account-based marketing, including e-mail, mobile devices, social media, digital ads, web management and analytics. O this platform, cookies are used in order to recognize you as a customer when you visit the website again; to track different data when using the website and to provide better content. The cookies placed by Marketo Inc. are read only by Marketo Inc. For more information about Marketo Cookies and Marketo's privacy policy, please clickhere.  Pardot  Pardot is a B2B marketing automation by Salesforce which we use to keep customers informed about upcoming events, product updates/ new features, etc. This marketing tool is embedded in our website for general marketing purposes, including e-mail, social media, digital ads, web management and analytics. For this marketing tool, we use cookies to identify you when you visit and re-visit our website. With this tool we track different data points when you are using our website in order to improve the website content we provide to you as well as to improve our marketing campaigns and make their content more relevant for you. For more information on Salesforce/ Pardot's privacy policy, clickhere.  Bizible  Bizible offers an integrated marketing analysis platform for marketers in order to optimize their advertising campaigns. Bizible collects your name, e-mail address and (if applicable) your address (only if you have explicitly provided us with this), as well as IP address, browser type and marketing source. You can do a Bizible Cookie-Opt-Outhere. For more information, please klickhere.  Clearbit  Clearbit is operated by APIHub Inc. Clearbit has developed a business intelligence API to aid businesses in acquiring more information about their clients in order to increase turnover and reduce fraud. Clearbit collects your IP address so that we may improve our website. For more information and to have yourself removed from the Clearbit database, please clickhere.  Hotjar  Hotjar Ltd. provides a service which analyses the online behavior of website users by combining analytics and feedback tools. Hotjar will collect and processe your IP address when you navigate through and interact with the contents of our website. The sole purpose for passively collecting this information is to improve your experience when using our website. You may opt-out from having Hotjar collect Your information when visiting our website at any time by visiting theirOpt-outpage and clicking 'Disable Hotjar'.  VWO  VWO is operated by Wingfify Software Private Limited. VWO is a test and optimization tool with which businesses can conduct A/B Tests and develop behavioral geological targeting campaigns. This helps us to optimize and personalize our website. For this, VWO collects your IP address when you visit our website. Your IP address, however, is anonymized instantly. For more information, please clickhere. If you no longer want VWO to track your IP address when you visit our website, please use thisopt-out link.  Drift  Drift Inc. is a conversation-driven marketing platform. With its rapidly evolving tools, Drift unlocks the hidden insights to accelerate business success. Drift records the email address you enter in our forms. For more information on how drift data is collected and processed please clickhere. To unsubscribe from drift tracking, please emailprivacy@drift.com.  Amplitude  Amplitude is an analysis service of Amplitude Inc. (631 Howard Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, U.S.A.). This tool collects technical information, such as the type of your device (e.g., iPhone 7 or the operating system used (e.g., iOS 10.3). In addition, Amplitude tracks location data (e.g. country) and internal data (e.g. language, server upload time, session ID) that occur when using our Adjust Dashboard. Such events may, for example, be how long you were logged into our Dashboard and from which country. In other words, Amplitude helps us understand how you use our Dashboard so we can improve the experience.  Data collected by Amplitude Inc. in the United States is transferred to servers of Amplitude Inc. in the United States, where they are stored. Amplitude is EU-US Privacy Shield certified.  You will find additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data at:  https://amplitude.com/privacy.  Rollbar  To better understand any possible errors in the source code of our dashboard, we share some data from our dashboard users with Rollbar, Inc., 51 Federal Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, United States. These data include the dashboard user's name, email address, and device information, such as a description of the error or bug the dashboard user experienced while using the dashboard.  For further information please refer to Rollbar's privacy policy athttps://docs.rollbar.com/docs/privacy-policy  3. Other Tracking Technologies  Gong  In our sales activities, we use the "Gong" service of Gong Ltd., 4 Maskit St., C, Herzliya 4673304, Israel. We use Gong to record, transcribe and analyse video conferences between our sales staff and you. The service is used exclusively with your consent for the purpose of employee training. You will find Gong's Privacy Policy athttps://www.gong.io/privacy-policy.  4. Processing of data through the Adjust Technology  We provide mobile analytics and attribution services to mobile app providers (our “Customers”). In connection with these services, we may process certain data from the users of these mobile apps (collectively the “End User” or “You”), as further described hereafter. We process the data upon instructions from our Customers and do not have any kind of direct relationship with the You as the End User.  Customers who havechild-directed appsmust choose the appropriate product settings and must not share any personal data with Partners or any third parties. Customers must agree to the section in our Terms and Conditions accordingly.  Our SDK and APIs (collectively the “Adjust technology”) may process some of the following data from You as the End User:  hashed IP addressMobile identifiers such as the ID for Advertising for iOS (IDFA), Google Advertising ID or similar mobile identifiersInstallation and first opening of an app on Your mobile deviceYour interactions within an app (e.g. in-app purchases, registration)Information regarding which advertisements You have seen or clicked onFor the Unbotify/Fraud product additionally: sensory data including touch events, counting text changes, accelerometer, gyroscope, battery, light sensor, device hardware specifications and operating system version  We use the aforementioned data for providing mobile analytics and attribution services to our Customers, and thereby allow our customers to track their marketing performance, to match You to their campaigns and to understand how You engage with our Customer’s app. Furthermore, we enable our Customers to track Your interactions in their apps in real time in order to see how You engage over their full lifetime. The aforementioned data is therefore processed in order to analyze the performance of marketing campaigns and to provide performance reports to our Customers. We do not combine the data with any other data that would enable us to personally identify You. Any information processed via the Adjust technology is owned and controlled by our Customer who has implemented the Adjust technology into their mobile app.  We do not share or disclose the user data with anyone else except with our server providers and in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including national security or law enforcement requirements. We store the data as long as our Customers are using the Adjust technology because we need it to provide our services to our Customers, if not requested otherwise by our Customers.  In some cases, there is a transfer of data to third countries outside the European Union. This is done on the basis of statutory provisions that are intended to ensure an adequate level of protection for Your personal data.  Changes to Our Privacy Policy  It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.   If you are a California resident, please review our California Resident Privacy Notice for information regarding your California privacy rights.  Commitment to the EU-US Privacy Shield  Adjust Inc. and Acquired IO LLC comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. Adjust has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visithttps://www.privacyshield.gov/.  In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Adjust commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Adjust at:  Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany  or by sending an email toprivacy@adjust.comat any time.  We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions. Adjust has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning data transferred from the EU.  The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has jurisdiction over our compliance with the Privacy Shield. Under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.  2. Tracking Technologies on our Website  Google Analytics  In order to optimize this website, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how you use this website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. If the IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will previously be truncated by Google within the EU member states or EEA member states. Only in exceptional cases will the IP address be transferred to Google on a server in the United States and thereafter be truncated. On behalf of the website operator, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP address that was transmitted by your browser will not be combined by Google with any other data. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You may also prevent the collection of the data that was generated by the cookie and that is related to the use of the website (including your IP address) as well as its processing by Google by downloading and installing a browser plugin that is available under the following link:http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. Additional information thereto is available athttp://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/privacyoverview.html(general information to Google Analytics and privacy). This Website uses Google Analytics with its extension code “gat._anonymizeIp()“ so that IP addresses will therefore only be processed in a shortened form to prevent persons from being identified.  Google AdWords  We as a Google AdWords customer also use Google Conversion Tracking, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google AdWords places a cookie in your browser (“Conversion Cookie”) if you have accessed our website via a Google ad. These cookies are valid for 30 days. If you access some of our sites and the cookie is still valid, we and Google can recognize that somebody has clicked on the ad and thereafter was transferred to our website. Every AdWords customers uses a different cookie, and therefore it is not possible to track cookies via the websites of AdWords customers. The information obtained via the Conversion Cookie is used in order to assemble conversion reports for AdWords customers. The AdWords customers receive the number of users that have clicked on their ad and have been transferred to a site that includes the Conversion Tracking Tag but they do not receive any information that would allow them to identify the user. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.  Facebook Pixel  We use the “visitor action pixels” from Facebook Inc. on our website. This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to our website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Facebook, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance withFacebook’s Data Usage Policy. You can allow Facebook and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes. You can object to the collection of your data by Facebook pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads in your account-settings. Facebook is certified under theUS-EU Privacy Shield Agreementand thus guarantees compliance with European data protection legislation.  LinkedIn Insight Tag  The LinkedIn Insight Tag is a piece of lightweight JavaScript code that we have added to our websites to enable in-depth campaign reporting and to help us unlock valuable insights about our website visitors. We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to track conversions, retarget website visitors, and unlock additional insights about members interacting with our LinkedIn adverts. The LinkedIn Insight Tag enables the collection of metadata such as IP address information, timestamp, and events such as page views. All data is encrypted. The LinkedIn browser cookie is stored in a visitor's browser until they delete the cookie or the cookie expires. You can opt out of cookies from LinkedIn on yourLinkedIn settings pageand recommend you read theirCookie Policyfor more information.  Marketo  Marketo Inc. is a marketing automation platform focused on account-based marketing, including e-mail, mobile devices, social media, digital ads, web management and analytics. O this platform, cookies are used in order to recognize you as a customer when you visit the website again; to track different data when using the website and to provide better content. The cookies placed by Marketo Inc. are read only by Marketo Inc. For more information about Marketo Cookies and Marketo's privacy policy, please clickhere.  Pardot  Pardot is a B2B marketing automation by Salesforce which we use to keep customers informed about upcoming events, product updates/ new features, etc. This marketing tool is embedded in our website for general marketing purposes, including e-mail, social media, digital ads, web management and analytics. For this marketing tool, we use cookies to identify you when you visit and re-visit our website. With this tool we track different data points when you are using our website in order to improve the website content we provide to you as well as to improve our marketing campaigns and make their content more relevant for you. For more information on Salesforce/ Pardot's privacy policy, clickhere.  Bizible  Bizible offers an integrated marketing analysis platform for marketers in order to optimize their advertising campaigns. Bizible collects your name, e-mail address and (if applicable) your address (only if you have explicitly provided us with this), as well as IP address, browser type and marketing source. You can do a Bizible Cookie-Opt-Outhere. For more information, please klickhere.  Clearbit  Clearbit is operated by APIHub Inc. Clearbit has developed a business intelligence API to aid businesses in acquiring more information about their clients in order to increase turnover and reduce fraud. Clearbit collects your IP address so that we may improve our website. For more information and to have yourself removed from the Clearbit database, please clickhere.  Hotjar  Hotjar Ltd. provides a service which analyses the online behavior of website users by combining analytics and feedback tools. Hotjar will collect and processe your IP address when you navigate through and interact with the contents of our website. The sole purpose for passively collecting this information is to improve your experience when using our website. You may opt-out from having Hotjar collect Your information when visiting our website at any time by visiting theirOpt-outpage and clicking 'Disable Hotjar'.  VWO  VWO is operated by Wingfify Software Private Limited. VWO is a test and optimization tool with which businesses can conduct A/B Tests and develop behavioral geological targeting campaigns. This helps us to optimize and personalize our website. For this, VWO collects your IP address when you visit our website. Your IP address, however, is anonymized instantly. For more information, please clickhere. If you no longer want VWO to track your IP address when you visit our website, please use thisopt-out link.  Drift  Drift Inc. is a conversation-driven marketing platform. With its rapidly evolving tools, Drift unlocks the hidden insights to accelerate business success. Drift records the email address you enter in our forms. For more information on how drift data is collected and processed please clickhere. To unsubscribe from drift tracking, please emailprivacy@drift.com.  Amplitude  Amplitude is an analysis service of Amplitude Inc. (631 Howard Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, U.S.A.). This tool collects technical information, such as the type of your device (e.g., iPhone 7 or the operating system used (e.g., iOS 10.3). In addition, Amplitude tracks location data (e.g. country) and internal data (e.g. language, server upload time, session ID) that occur when using our Adjust Dashboard. Such events may, for example, be how long you were logged into our Dashboard and from which country. In other words, Amplitude helps us understand how you use our Dashboard so we can improve the experience.  Data collected by Amplitude Inc. in the United States is transferred to servers of Amplitude Inc. in the United States, where they are stored. Amplitude is EU-US Privacy Shield certified.  You will find additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data at:  https://amplitude.com/privacy.  Rollbar  To better understand any possible errors in the source code of our dashboard, we share some data from our dashboard users with Rollbar, Inc., 51 Federal Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, United States. These data include the dashboard user's name, email address, and device information, such as a description of the error or bug the dashboard user experienced while using the dashboard.  For further information please refer to Rollbar's privacy policy athttps://docs.rollbar.com/docs/privacy-policy  3. Other Tracking Technologies  Gong  In our sales activities, we use the "Gong" service of Gong Ltd., 4 Maskit St., C, Herzliya 4673304, Israel. We use Gong to record, transcribe and analyse video conferences between our sales staff and you. The service is used exclusively with your consent for the purpose of employee training. You will find Gong's Privacy Policy athttps://www.gong.io/privacy-policy.  4. Processing of data through the Adjust Technology  We provide mobile analytics and attribution services to mobile app providers (our “Customers”). In connection with these services, we may process certain data from the users of these mobile apps (collectively the “End User” or “You”), as further described hereafter. We process the data upon instructions from our Customers and do not have any kind of direct relationship with the You as the End User.  Customers who havechild-directed appsmust choose the appropriate product settings and must not share any personal data with Partners or any third parties. Customers must agree to the section in our Terms and Conditions accordingly.  Our SDK and APIs (collectively the “Adjust technology”) may process some of the following data from You as the End User:  hashed IP addressMobile identifiers such as the ID for Advertising for iOS (IDFA), Google Advertising ID or similar mobile identifiersInstallation and first opening of an app on Your mobile deviceYour interactions within an app (e.g. in-app purchases, registration)Information regarding which advertisements You have seen or clicked onFor the Unbotify/Fraud product additionally: sensory data including touch events, counting text changes, accelerometer, gyroscope, battery, light sensor, device hardware specifications and operating system version  We use the aforementioned data for providing mobile analytics and attribution services to our Customers, and thereby allow our customers to track their marketing performance, to match You to their campaigns and to understand how You engage with our Customer’s app. Furthermore, we enable our Customers to track Your interactions in their apps in real time in order to see how You engage over their full lifetime. The aforementioned data is therefore processed in order to analyze the performance of marketing campaigns and to provide performance reports to our Customers. We do not combine the data with any other data that would enable us to personally identify You. Any information processed via the Adjust technology is owned and controlled by our Customer who has implemented the Adjust technology into their mobile app.  We do not share or disclose the user data with anyone else except with our server providers and in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including national security or law enforcement requirements. We store the data as long as our Customers are using the Adjust technology because we need it to provide our services to our Customers, if not requested otherwise by our Customers.  In some cases, there is a transfer of data to third countries outside the European Union. This is done on the basis of statutory provisions that are intended to ensure an adequate level of protection for Your personal data.  Changes to Our Privacy Policy  It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes. 