Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.fandom.com/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: service, personal, provide, collect, advertising, privacy, partners, data, services, policy, information

Reduced Policy:   Residents in the EEA and the UK have the rights to:  Accesspersonal information about you consistent with legal requirements. Please utilize the form found here when making this request:Download Your Data.  Request Correctionof your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete.  Request Deletionof your personal information, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. Please utilize the form found here when making this request:Right of Deletion.  Opt outof any marketing communications that we (or any third party to whom we have disclosed your personal information with your consent) may send you.  If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please use the indicated forms or links, where applicable, or otherwise email us atsupport@fandom.com. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we may take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.  Please note for security and fraud investigation and prevention purposes, we will retain the full IP address for users located in the EEA for up to 12 months.  In addition, we keep a copy of requests submitted to us to comply with our own legal obligation to maintain data processing records. Please also note that certain information, such as your IP address (if you edit while not logged in) and any public contributions to Fandom community sites is archived and displayed indefinitely by design; the transparency of each contribution and revision history is critical for efficacy and trustworthiness. In addition, our de-identification processes cannot ensure complete or comprehensive de-identification of all of the content or information posted on our Services related to your prior username. If your request is granted, the name change will only occur in automatically generated logs (such as page histories) in association with content that you posted. The name change will not delete mentions of your prior username by third parties.  In the EEA or the UK you may also make a complaint to our supervisory body for data protection matters (for example, the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK) or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached. 