Title: P&G Global Consumer Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.pg.com/privacy/english/privacy_statement.shtml
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: global, policy, information, pg, sites, collect, data, personal, device, consent, products, example, cookies, privacy, consumer
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   marketingYou can tell us to stop sending you email and text messages by following
                                    the opt-out instructions sent with these communications. You can also
                                    choose to stop receiving marketing email, SMS, or postal mailings byclicking
                                            here. While we will honor your choices, we may need to keep
                                    information to do so. For example,
                                    if you tell us to stop sending marketing emails, we will need your email
                                    address on file so that our systems remember that you no longer wish to
                                    receive marketing communications to that email address.accountsDepending upon the country where you registered, your P&G account may
                                    offer the ability to access your information and make updates to or delete
                                    your data. If not, you canclick hereto make a request.  California residents.If you live in California, you may access the personal information we hold about
                                    you, request details about how we process your personal information, ask us to
                                    delete your data or request that we no longer “sell” your personal information (as
                                    “sell” is defined in the CCPA). To learn more and to exercise such rights, pleaseclick here.  european union
                                        residents.If you live in the EU/EEA, or are physically in the EU/EEA, you may access the
                                    personal data we hold about you,
                                    request that inaccurate, outdated, or no longer necessary information be
                                    corrected, erased, or restricted, and ask us to provide your data in a
                                    format that allows you to transfer it to another service provider. You also
                                    may withdraw your consent at any time where we are relying on your consent
                                    for the processing of your personal data. And you may object to our
                                    processing of your personal data (this means ask us to stop using it) where
                                    that processing is based on our legitimate interest (this means we have a
                                    reason for using the data). If you would like more information about data
                                    protection and your personal data rights in general, please visit the
                                    European Data Protection Supervisor’s site athttps://edps.europa.eu/data-protection/. If you are not happy with our response to your requests, you may lodge a
                                    complaint with the data protection authority in your country. Please select
                                    from the following options to make your request:  general requests. To make a request with respect to personal data used for marketing, which
                                    would include for example information you provided us as you registered
                                    through one of our websites or apps, please contact ushere.  media advertising. To make a request with respect to personal data used for advertising, which would include for example information we may have about you at a cookie or device ID level and which we use to provide you with relevant ads, please contact ushere. You may use this link for all access requests, as well as for erasure and opt out. If your request is for erasure, however, you will additionally need to contact Tapad atprivacy@tapad.comand ask for “erasure of your P&G data,” since that vendor holds for us an unsynched copy of the same information. Alternatively, you may email your cookieID or MAID to us [email:corporateprivacy.im@pg.com] directly and we can make those inquiries on your behalf. There may also be data associated with your cookie or device ID in our demand-side (or ad-serving) and ad verification partner platforms. For that data, please seehereandhere.  consumer research. To make a request with respect to personal data we may have as part of
                                    your participation in one of our research studies, please see the contact
                                    information provided on your consent form or call or visit your research
                                    center.  dental professionals.If you are a dental professional and have provided your information to us
                                    as part of one of our professional outreach programs, including throughhttps://www.dentalcare.com,
                                    please contact us through the appropriate country numbers and email
                                    addresses listed below.  Dental Professional Contact
                                                            InformationCountryCall CenterE-mailGermany0203 570 570N/AAustria00800 570 570 00N/ASwitzerland00800 570 570 00N/AUK0870 242 1850Click hereSpain900 670 270Click hereItaly+390650972534N/AFrance+ 33 (0) 825 878 498Click here  For more information about the categories of personal information we
                                    collect, business and commercial purposes for the collection of the
                                    personal information and categories of third parties with whom we share the
                                    personal information, please see the disclosures above. As a California
                                    resident, you may have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period,
                                    the following information about the personal information we have collected
                                    about you during the past 12 months:  the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have
                                        collected about you;the categories of sources from which we collected the personal
                                        information;the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold
                                        the personal information;the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal
                                        information; andthe categories of personal information about you that we sold or
                                        disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to
                                        whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose.  In addition, you have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you, submit a request for general disclosure or access all the information we have about you.  To submit these requests, pleasecontact us hereor call us at (877) 701-0404 in any case. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to
                                    verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or
                                    considering your deletion request. Upon receipt of your request, we will send you a
                                    verification form by email or postal mail. To complete your request, please respond
                                    to the verification form when you receive it. To verify your identity, we may
                                    require you to provide any of the following information: Name, email address, postal
                                    address, or date of birth. In addition, if you ask us to provide you with specific
                                    pieces of personal information, we will require you to sign a declaration under
                                    penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the
                                    subject of the request.  Please understand that P&G cannot delete personal information in those
                                    situations where our retention is required for our own internal business
                                    purposes or otherwise permitted by the CCPA (such as fraud prevention or
                                    legal compliance). In these situations, we will retain your information in
                                    accordance with our records retention program and securely delete it at the
                                    end of the retention period.  Finally, you also have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information.  To exercise that right, please access our “Do Not Sale” center at the bottom of our webpages andcontact us hereor call us at (877) 701-0404.  For more information about how we have shared your information with third
                                    parties such that it constitutes a “sale” under CCPA during the
                                    12-month period prior to the date this privacy policy was last updated,
                                    please see the below chart. We do not knowingly sell personal information
                                    of minors under 16 years of age.  “Sales” of Personal InformationCategories of Third Parties to whom this type of Personal Information is SoldHow to Opt OutUnique Identifiers, Inferred and Derived Information,
                                                        Online & Technical Information,Geolocation DataWe sell this personal information to the following categories of third parties:Online platforms such as Google, Amazon, FacebookAdtech companies such as our DSPsThis data is shared for purposes of targeted advertising. These companies use that data to improve their products and services in accordance with their platform terms.If you want us to update our internal records so we do not share
                                                    your personal information from our brand programs with a third party
                                                    in a way that may be defined as a “sale,” clickhereor call us at(877) 701-0404.Please note that P&G may also transfer your personal information to
                                                    third parties through cookies or tracking technologies for
                                                    advertising and joint marketing purposes. To exercise your “Do Not
                                                    Sell” right related to website cookies and tracking technologies,
                                                    please go to the applicable brand website, access our California Do
                                                    Not “Sell” Request Center available at the bottom of the page and
                                                    set your preferences. Because some of these third parties operate
                                                    differently by website and device, you may need to take this step
                                                    for each P&G website you use.Demographic Information and PreferencesWe sell this personal information to the following categories of third parties:Retail partnersThis data is shared pursuant to your consent for joint marketing (e.g. linking for rewards programs)Any other information with your consent    Under the CCPA, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on
                                    your behalf but the agent will need to complete the verification process,
                                    including the submission of proof that it has been designated to act on
                                    your behalf. For access and deletion requests made by an authorized agent
                                    on your behalf, we also may require you to verify your own identity
                                    directly with us (as described above). We will not deny, charge different
                                    prices for, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services if
                                    you choose to exercise your rights under the CCPA.    Rewards Programs calculation.Under the CCPA, you may be entitled
                                    to be informed as to why financial incentive programs, or price or service
                                    differences, are permitted under the law, including (i) a good-faith estimate of the
                                    value of your personal information that forms the basis for offering the financial
                                    incentive or price or service difference, and (ii) a description of the method we
                                    used to calculate the value of your personally identifiable information. Generally,
                                    we do not assign monetary or other value to personal information. However, in the
                                    event we are required by law to assign such value in the context of Rewards
                                    Programs, or price or service differences, we have valued the personal information
                                    collected and used as being equal to the value of the discount or financial
                                    incentive provided, and the calculation of the value is based upon a practical and
                                    good-faith effort often involving the (i) categories of personal information
                                    collected (e.g., names, email addresses), (ii) the transferability of such personal
                                    information for us and our Rewards Programs, (iii) the discounted price offered,
                                    (iv) the volume of consumers enrolled in our Rewards Programs, and (v) the product
                                    or service to which the Rewards Programs, or price or service differences, applies.
                                    The disclosure of the value described herein is not intended to waive, nor should be
                                    interpreted as a waiver to, our proprietary or business confidential information,
                                    including trade secrets, and does not constitute any representation with regard to
                                    generally accepted accounting principles or financial accounting standards.  california notice for minors.We may offer interactive services which allow teens under the age of 18 to
                                    upload their own content (e.g., videos, comments, status updates, or
                                    pictures). This content can be removed or deleted any time by following the
                                    instructions on our sites. If you have questions about how to do this,contact us.
                                    Be aware that such posts may have been copied, forwarded, or posted
                                    elsewhere by others and we are not responsible for any such actions. You
                                    will, in such cases, have to contact other site owners to request removal
                                    of your content. 