Title: U.S. Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.pfizer.com/Privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: subsidiary, policy, providers, request, pfizer, data, personal, months, privacy, information, service, california
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:  Subject to certain exceptions, California residents have the right to make the following requests, at no charge: Copy:You may request, up to twice every 12 months, a copy of the specific pieces of personal data that we have collected, used or disclosed about you in the prior 12 months and to have this delivered, free of charge, either (a) by mail or (b) electronically in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows you to transmit this information to another entity without hindrance.Deletion:You may request deletion of your personal data that we have collected about you.Know:You may request, up to twice every 12 months, that we provide you certain information about how we have handled your personal data in the prior 12 months, including the:categories of personal data collected;categories of sources of personal data;business and/or commercial purposes for collecting your personal data;categories of third parties/with whom we have disclosed or shared your personal data; andcategories of personal data that we have disclosed or shared with a third party for a business purpose. You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Submitting Requests.You may submit requests to delete, access a copy and/or know personal data we have collected about you by accessing our webform atwww.pfizer.com/individualrights, or by contacting us at 833-991-1933 (toll free). You will be asked to provide certain personal information when submitting your request including your relationship with Pfizer, first and last name, email address, telephone number and postal address in order for us to determine if your information is in our systems. We will further verify and respond to your request consistent with applicable law, taking into account the type and sensitivity of the personal information subject to the request. We may need to request additional personal information from you, such as your date of birth or government identifier, in order to protect against fraudulent or spoofed requests. If you want to make a request as an authorized agent on behalf of a California resident, you may use the submission methods noted above. As part of our verification process, we may request that you provide us with proof that you have been authorized by the California resident on whose behalf you are making the request, which may include signed permission provided by such California resident. Please contact us according to the Contact Us Section below, if you have any questions regarding this Section for California residents. If you would like to request to review, correct, or update personal data that you have provided to us, you may contact us as indicated in the Contact Us section. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law. Please note that we may need to retain certain personal data for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion.For information relating to California residents, see theCalifornia ResidentsSection above.