Title: Upwork Legal Center
URL: https://www.upwork.com/legal
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: arbitration, freelancer, escrow, legal, terms, site, account, agreement, service, center, upwork, client
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:  We have the right, in our sole discretion, but not the obligation, to institute arbitration or, if no arbitration provision applies, other legal proceedings, including depositing funds held in the Escrow Account with a court of competent jurisdiction, and to resolve any dispute between Client and Freelancer related to the Escrow Account. Any provision of this Agreement and the applicable Escrow Instructions to the contrary notwithstanding and regardless whether we are identified as a party in interest in any dispute, arbitration, or other legal proceeding, nothing herein will be construed to limit our legal and equitable rights, including, but not limited to, depositing funds held in the Escrow Account with a court of competent jurisdiction. Any corporation or association into which Upwork Escrow may be merged or converted or with which Upwork Escrow may be consolidated, or any corporation or association to which all or substantially all the escrow business of Upwork Escrow may be transferred will succeed to all the rights and obligations of Upwork Escrow as escrow holder and escrow agent under this Agreement and the applicable Escrow Instructions without further act to the extent permitted by applicable law. 6.2 CLIENT PAYMENTS ON SERVICE CONTRACTS Hourly Contracts.Freelancer will invoice Client for Freelancer Fees on a weekly basis through Upwork, and Client will pay invoices consistent with the Hourly Escrow Instructions. When Client approves an Hourly Invoice for an Hourly Contract, Client automatically and irrevocably authorizes and instructs Upwork or its Affiliate, Upwork Escrow or Elance Ltd., to charge Client’s Payment Method for the Freelancer Fees. Fixed-Price Contracts.Client becomes obligated to pay applicable amounts into the Escrow Account immediately upon sending a Fixed-Price Contract offer (for the full amount or for the first milestone, if milestones are used) or upon activating any additional milestone. When Client authorizes the payment of the Freelancer Fees for a Fixed-Price Contract on the Site, Client automatically and irrevocably authorizes and instructs Upwork or its Affiliates, Upwork Escrow or Elance Ltd., to charge Client’s Payment Method for the Freelancer Fees. Client acknowledges and agrees that for both Hourly Contracts and Fixed-Price Contracts, failure by Client to decline or dispute an Hourly Invoice or request for payment is an authorization and instruction to release payment, as described more fully in the applicable Escrow Instructions. 6.3 DISBURSEMENTS TO FREELANCERS ON SERVICE CONTRACTS Under the relevant Escrow Instructions, Upwork Escrow disburses funds that are available in the applicable Freelancer Escrow Account and payable to a Freelancer upon Freelancer’s request. A Freelancer can request disbursement of available funds any time on a one-time basis or by setting up an automatic disbursement schedule. If Freelancer does not request a disbursement, Upwork will automatically disburse available funds no more than 90 days after the Freelancer Fees are released to the Freelancer Escrow Account, unless the amount in the Escrow Account is less than the Minimum Threshold. For purposes of the Terms of Service, a “Minimum Threshold” is either (a) $100 for Freelancers within the United States, or (b) $1,000 for Freelancers outside the United States. When the funds in the Freelancer Escrow Account are below the Minimum Threshold, the automatic disbursement schedule is paused and the available and payable funds are released on the earlier of: (i) Freelancer’s request; (ii) on the first scheduled automatic disbursement occurring after the amount exceeds the Minimum Threshold; or (iii) 180 days after the funds are available in the Freelancer Escrow Account. Hourly Contracts.Freelancer Fees become available to Freelancers following the expiration of the dispute period and the five-day security period. Fixed-Price Contracts.Freelancer Fees become available to Freelancers following the expiration of the five-day security period after the funds are released as provided in the applicable Escrow Instructions. The security period begins after Client accepts and approves work submitted by Freelancer. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms of Service or the Escrow Instructions, Upwork Escrow, in its sole discretion and except as prohibited by applicable law, may refuse to process, may hold the disbursement of the Freelancer Fees or any other amounts and offset amounts owed to us, or take such other actions with respect to the Escrow Account as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion if: (a) we require additional information, such as Freelancer’s tax information, government-issued identification or other proof of identity, address, or date of birth; (b) we have reason to believe the Freelancer Fees may be subject to dispute or chargeback; (c) we suspect a User has committed or attempted to commit fraud or other illicit acts on or through the Site; (d) we believe there are reasonable grounds for insecurity with respect to the performance of obligations under this Agreement or other Terms of Service; or (e) we deem it necessary in connection with any investigation or required by applicable law. If, after investigation, we determine that the hold on the disbursement of the Freelancer Fees is no longer necessary, Upwork Escrow will release such hold as soon as practicable. In addition, notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms of Service or the Escrow Instructions and to the extent permitted by applicable law, we reserve the right to seek reimbursement from you, and you will reimburse us, if we: (i) suspect fraud or criminal activity associated with your payment, withdrawal, or Project; (ii) discover erroneous or duplicate transactions; or (iii) have supplied our services in accordance with this Agreement yet we receive any chargeback from the Payment Method used by you, or used by your Client if you are a Freelancer, despite our provision of the Site Services in accordance with this Agreement. You agree that we have the right to obtain such reimbursement by instructing Upwork Escrow to (and Upwork Escrow will have the right to) charge the applicable Escrow Account, and any other accounts you hold with us, offsetting any amounts determined to be owing, deducting amounts from future payments or withdrawals, charging your Payment Method, or obtaining reimbursement from you by any other lawful means. If we are unable to obtain such reimbursement, we may, in addition to any other remedies available under applicable law, temporarily or permanently revoke your access to the Site and Site Services and close your Account. 6.4 NON-PAYMENT If Client is in “default”, meaning the Client fails to pay the Freelancer Fees or any other amounts when due under the Terms of Service, or a written agreement for payment terms incorporating the Terms of Service (signed by an authorized representative of Upwork), Upwork will be entitled to the remedies described in this Section 6.4 in addition to such other remedies that may be available under applicable law or in such written agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Client will be deemed to be in default on the earliest occurrence of any of the following: (a) Client fails to pay the Freelancer Fees when due; (b) Client fails to pay a balance that is due or to bring, within a reasonable period of time but no more than 30 days after accrual of the charge, an account current after a credit or debit card is declined or expires; (c) Client fails to pay an invoice issued to the Client by Upwork within the time period agreed or, if no period is agreed, within 30 days; (d) Client initiates a chargeback with a bank or other financial institution resulting in a charge made by Upwork for Freelancer Fees or such other amount due being reversed to the Client; or (e) Client takes other actions or fails to take any action that results in a negative or past-due balance on the Client’s account. If Client is in default, we may, without notice, temporarily or permanently close Client’s Account and revoke Client’s access to the Site and Site Services, including Client’s authority to use the Site to process any additional payments, enter into Service Contracts, or obtain any additional Freelancer Services from other Users through the Site. However, Client will remain responsible for any amounts that accrue on any open Projects at the time a limitation is put on the Client’s Account as a result of the default. Without limiting other available remedies, Client must pay Upwork upon demand for any amounts owed, plus interest on the outstanding amount at the lesser of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month or the maximum interest allowed by applicable law, plus attorneys’ fees and other costs of collection to the extent permitted by applicable law. At our discretion and to the extent permitted by applicable law, Upwork or its Affiliates, Upwork Escrow or Elance Ltd., may, without notice, charge all or a portion of any amount that is owed on any Account to Upwork or as Freelancer Fees or otherwise to any Payment Method on file on the Client’s Account; set off amounts due against other amounts received from Client or held by for Client by Upwork, Upwork Escrow or another Affiliate; make appropriate reports to credit reporting agencies and law enforcement authorities; and cooperate with credit reporting agencies and law enforcement authorities in any investigation or prosecution. Upwork does not guarantee that Client is able to pay or will pay Freelancer Fees and Upwork is not liable for Freelancer Fees if Client is in default. Freelancer may use the dispute process as described in the applicable Escrow Instructions in order to recover funds from Client in the event of a default or may pursue such other remedies against Client as Freelancer chooses. If Upwork recovers funds from a Client in default pursuant to this Section 6.4, Upwork will disburse any portion attributable to Freelancer Fees to the applicable Freelancer to the extent not already paid by Client or credited by Upwork through any Payment Protection program. 6.5 NO RETURN OF FUNDS AND NO CHARGEBACKS Client acknowledges and agrees that Upwork or its Affiliates, Upwork Escrow or Elance Ltd., will charge or debit Client’s designated Payment Method for the Freelancer Fees incurred as described in the applicable Escrow Instructions and the Fee and ACH Authorization Agreement and that once Upwork or its Affiliates, Upwork Escrow or Elance Ltd., charges or debits the Client’s designated Payment Method for the Freelancer Fees, the charge or debit is non-refundable, except as otherwise required by applicable law. Client also acknowledges and agrees that the Terms of Service provide a dispute resolution process as a way for Client resolve disputes. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Client therefore agrees not to ask its credit card company, bank, or other Payment Method provider to charge back any Freelancer Fees or other fees charged pursuant to the Terms of Service for any reason. A chargeback in breach of the foregoing obligation is a material breach of the Terms of Service. If Client initiates a chargeback in violation of this Agreement, Client agrees that Upwork or its Affiliates, Upwork Escrow or Elance Ltd., may dispute or appeal the chargeback and institute collection action against Client and take such other action it deems appropriate. 6.6 PAYMENT METHODS In order to use certain Site Services, Client must provide account information for at least one valid Payment Method. Client hereby authorizes Upwork, Upwork Escrow, and Elance Ltd., as applicable, to run credit card authorizations on all credit cards provided by Client, to store credit card and banking or other financial details as Client’s method of payment consistent with ourPrivacy Policy, and to charge Client’s credit card (or any other Payment Method) for the Freelancer Fees and any other amounts owed under the Terms of Service. To the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to our Privacy Policy, you acknowledge and agree that we may use certain third-party vendors and service providers to process payments and manage your Payment Method information. By providing Payment Method information through the Site and authorizing payments with the Payment Method, Client represents, warrants, and covenants that: (a) Client is legally authorized to provide such information; (b) Client is legally authorized to make payments using the Payment Method(s); (c) if Client is an employee or agent of a company or person that owns the Payment Method, that Client is authorized by the company or person to use the Payment Method to make payments on Upwork; and (d) such actions do not violate the terms and conditions applicable to Client’s use of such Payment Method(s) or applicable law. When Client authorizes a payment using a Payment Method via the Site, Client represents and warrants that there are sufficient funds or credit available to complete the payment using the designated Payment Method. To the extent that any amounts owed under this Agreement or the other Terms of Service cannot be collected from Client’s Payment Method(s), Client is solely responsible for paying such amounts by other means. Upwork is not liable to any User if Upwork does not complete a transaction as a result of any limit by applicable law or your financial institution, or if a financial institution fails to honor any credit or debit to or from an account associated with such Payment Method. Upwork will make commercially reasonable efforts to work with any such affected Users to resolve such transactions in a manner consistent with this Agreement and any applicable Escrow Instructions. 6.7 U.S. DOLLARS AND FOREIGN CURRENCY CONVERSION The Site and the Site Services operate in U.S. Dollars. If a User's Payment Method is denominated in a currency other than U.S. Dollars and requires currency conversion to make or receive payments in U.S. Dollars, the Site may display foreign currency conversion rates that Upwork, Upwork Escrow, or our Affiliates currently make available to convert supported foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars. These foreign currency conversion rates adjust regularly based on market conditions. Please note that the wholesale currency conversion rates at which we or our Affiliates obtain foreign currency will usually be different than the foreign currency conversion rates offered on the Site. Each User, at its sole discretion and risk, may authorize the charge, debit, or credit of its Payment Method in a supported foreign currency and the conversion of the payment to U.S. Dollars at the foreign currency conversion rate displayed on the Site. A list of supported foreign currencies is available on the Site. If foreign currency conversion is required to make a payment in U.S. Dollars and Upwork or its Affiliate, Upwork Escrow or Elance Ltd., as applicable, does not support the foreign currency or the User does not authorize the conversion of such payment at the foreign currency conversion rate displayed on the Site, Upwork Escrow or one of our Affiliates will charge, debit, or credit the User's Payment Method in U.S. Dollars and the User's Payment Method provider will convert the payment at a foreign currency conversion rate selected by the User's Payment Method provider. The User's Payment Method provider may also charge fees directly to the Payment Method even when no currency conversion is involved. The User's authorization of a payment using a foreign currency conversion rate displayed on the Site is at the User's sole risk. Upwork, Upwork Escrow, Elance Ltd., and our Affiliates are not responsible for currency fluctuations that occur when billing or crediting a Payment Method denominated in a currency other than U.S. Dollars. Upwork, Upwork Escrow, Elance Ltd., and our Affiliates are not responsible for currency fluctuations that occur when receiving or sending payments to and from the Escrow Account. 7. NON-CIRCUMVENTION Section 7 discusses your agreement to make and receive payments only through Upwork for two years from the date you first identify or meet your Client or Freelancer on the Site, unless you pay a Conversion Fee; violating this Section 7 is a serious breach and your Account may be permanently suspended for violations, as detailed below. 7.1 MAKING PAYMENTS THROUGH UPWORK You acknowledge and agree that a substantial portion of the compensation Upwork receives for making the Site available to you is collected through the Service Fee described in Section 5.1 and that in exchange a substantial value to you is the relationships you make with other Users when you identify or are identified by another person through the Site or Site Services (the “Upwork Relationship”). Upwork only receives the Service Fee when a Client and a Freelancer pay and receive payment through the Site. Therefore, except as set out in Section 7.2, for 24 months from the start of an Upwork Relationship (the “Non-Circumvention Period”), you agree to use the Site as your exclusive method to request, make, and receive all payments for work directly or indirectly with that person or arising out of your relationship with that person and not to circumvent the Payment Methods offered on the Site unless you pay a fee to take the relationship off of the Site (the “Conversion Fee”). For the avoidance of doubt, if you, or the business you represent, did not identify and were not identified by another person through the Site, such as if you and another User worked together before meeting on the Site, then the Non-Circumvention Period does not apply. If you use the Site as an employee, agent, or representative of another business, then the Non-Circumvention Period applies to you and other employees, agents, or representatives of the business or its successor when acting in that capacity with respect to the other User. By way of illustration and not in limitation of the foregoing, you agree not to: • Offer or solicit or accept any offer or solicitation from parties identified through the Site to contract, hire, invoice, pay, or receive payment in any manner other than through the Site. • Invoice or report on the Site or in a Conversion Fee request an invoice or payment amount lower than that actually agreed, made, or received between Users. • Refer a User you identified on the Site to a third-party who is not a User of the Site for purposes of making or receiving payments other than through the Site. You agree to notify Upwork immediately if a person suggests to you making or receiving payments other than through the Site in violation of this Section 7 or if you receive unsolicited contact outside of the Site. If you are aware of a breach or potential breach of this non-circumvention agreement, please submit a confidential report to Upworkhere. You acknowledge and agree that a violation of any provision in this Section 7.1 is a material breach of the Terms of Service. Your Account may be permanently suspended and charged the Conversion Fee (defined above) if you violate this Section 7.1.  If you refuse to accept any new version of the Terms of Service or elect not to comply with certain conditions of using the Site, such as minimum rates supported on the Site, and therefore choose to cease using the Site, you may pay the Conversion Fee for each other User you wish to continue working with on whatever terms you agree after you cease using the Site. 7.2 COMMUNICATING THROUGH THE SITE; NOT SHARING CONTACT DETAILS The provisions of this Section 7.2 apply to any interaction between Users where the Client has a Basic or Plus Account.  The provisions of this Section 7.2 do not apply to any interaction between Users where the Client is an Enterprise Client.  For purposes of the Terms of Service, “Enterprise Client ” means a Client, including a legacy Enterprise client or an Upwork Business Client, that has the following “Enterprise” badge displayed on its job post or search tile:  For Users subject to this Section 7.2, Users agree to use the communication services available on the Site to communicate with other Users prior to entering into a Service Contract. You agree that prior to entering into a Service Contract, you (a) will use Upwork as the sole manner to communicate with other Users; (b) will not provide your Means of Direct Contact (defined below) to any other User or another person that you identified or were identified by through the Site; (c) will not use Means of Direct Contact of another user to attempt to or to communicate with, solicit, contact, or find the contact information of a User outside of Upwork; (d) will not ask for, provide, or attempt to identify through public means the contact information of another User; and (e) you will not include any Means of Direct Contact (defined below) or means by which your contact information could be discovered in any profile, proposal, job posting, invitation, or pre-hire communication through the Site’s communications services (including in each case in any attached file), except as otherwise provided on the Site. For purposes of the Terms of Service “Means of Direct Contact” means any information that would allow another person to contact you directly, including, without limitation, phone number, email address, physical address, a link to a contact form or form requesting contact information, any link to an applicant management system or means to submit a proposal or application outside of the Site, or any information that would enable a user to contact you on social media or other website or platform or application that includes a communications tool, such as Skype, Slack, Wechat, or Facebook. For the avoidance of doubt, information is a Means of Direct Contact if it would enable another user to identify any of the information above through other sources, such as going to a website that included an email address or identifying you on social media, such as through Facebook or LinkedIn. You acknowledge and agree that a violation of any provision of this Section 7.2 is a material breach of the Terms of Service. Your Account may be permanently suspended if you violate this Section 7.2. 7.3 OPTING OUT You may opt out of the obligations in Section 7.1 with respect to each Upwork Relationship only if the Client or Freelancer pays Upwork a Conversion Fee which is a minimum of $1,000 USD and up to $50,000 USD for each Upwork Relationship. You agree that the Conversion Fee is 12% of the estimated earnings over a twelve (12) month period, which is calculated by taking the Hourly Rate (defined below) and multiplying it by 2,080.  “Hourly Rate” means the highest of (a) the highest hourly rate charged by the Freelancer on any Service Contract, if any; (b) the highest hourly rate proposed by the Freelancer in any proposal, if any; or (c) the hourly rate in the Freelancer’s profile. The Conversion Fee may be calculated differently for Upwork Relationships when the Client is an Enterprise Client if the Enterprise Client contract with Upwork provides for different terms. To inquire about or pay the Conversion Fee, send an email message toconversionfee@upwork.com. You understand and agree that if Upwork determines, in its sole discretion, that you have violated Section 7, Upwork or its Affiliates may, to the maximum extent permitted by law (x) charge your Payment Method the Conversion Fee (including interest) if permitted by law or send you an invoice for the Conversion Fee (including interest), which you agree to pay within 30 days, (y) close your Account and revoke your authorization to use the Site and Site Services, and/or (z) charge you for all losses and costs (including any and all time of Upwork’s employees) and reasonable expenses (including attorneys’ fees) related to investigating such breach and collecting such fees. 8. RECORDS OF COMPLIANCE Section 8 discusses your agreement to make and keep all required records, as detailed below. Users will each (a) create and maintain records to document satisfaction of their respective obligations under this Agreement, including, without limitation, their respective payment obligations and compliance with tax and employment laws, and (b) provide copies of such records to Upwork upon request. Nothing in this subsection requires or will be construed as requiring Upwork to supervise or monitor a User’s compliance with this Agreement, the other Terms of Service, or a Service Contract. You are solely responsible for creation, storage, and backup of your business records. This Agreement and any registration for or subsequent use of the Site will not be construed as creating any responsibility on Upwork’s part to store, backup, retain, or grant access to any information or data for any period. 9. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER Section 9 discusses your agreement and understanding that the Site and Site Services may not always be available or work perfectly, as detailed below. YOU AGREE NOT TO RELY ON THE SITE, THE SITE SERVICES, ANY INFORMATION ON THE SITE OR THE CONTINUATION OF THE SITE. THE SITE AND THE SITE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND ON AN “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. UPWORK MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THE SITE, THE SITE SERVICES, WORK PRODUCT, USER CONTENT, OR ANY ACTIVITIES OR ITEMS RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TERMS OF SERVICE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UPWORK DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW FOR ALL OF THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS ON WARRANTIES, SO TO THAT EXTENT, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. SECTION 13 (AGREEMENT TERM AND TERMINATION) STATES USER’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY AGAINST UPWORK WITH RESPECT TO ANY DEFECTS, NON-CONFORMANCES, OR DISSATISFACTION. 10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY Section 10 discusses your agreement that Upwork usually will not have to pay you damages relating to your use of the Site and Site Services and, if it is, at most it will be required to pay you $2,500, as detailed below. Upwork is not liable, and you agree not to hold us responsible, for any damages or losses arising out of or in connection with the Terms of Service, including, but not limited to: your use of or your inability to use our Site or Site Services;delays or disruptions in our Site or Site Services;viruses or other malicious software obtained by accessing, or linking to, our Site or Site Services;glitches, bugs, errors, or inaccuracies of any kind in our Site or Site Services;damage to your hardware device from the use of the Site or Site Services;the content, actions, or inactions of third parties’ use of the Site or Site Services;a suspension or other action taken with respect to your Account;your reliance on the quality, accuracy, or reliability of job postings, Profiles, ratings, recommendations, and feedback (including their content, order, and display), Composite Information, or metrics found on, used on, or made available through the Site; andyour need to modify practices, content, or behavior or your loss of or inability to do business, as a result of changes to the Terms of Service. ADDITIONALLY, IN NO EVENT WILL UPWORK, OUR AFFILIATES, OUR LICENSORS, OR OUR THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR INDIRECT COSTS OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LITIGATION COSTS, INSTALLATION AND REMOVAL COSTS, OR LOSS OF DATA, PRODUCTION, PROFIT, OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES. THE LIABILITY OF UPWORK, OUR AFFILIATES, OUR LICENSORS, AND OUR THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS TO ANY USER FOR ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER TERMS OF SERVICE WILL NOT EXCEED THE LESSER OF: (A) $2,500; OR (B) ANY FEES RETAINED BY UPWORK WITH RESPECT TO SERVICE CONTRACTS ON WHICH USER WAS INVOLVED AS CLIENT OR FREELANCER DURING THE SIX-MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE DATE OF THE CLAIM. THESE LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY TO ANY LIABILITY, ARISING FROM ANY CAUSE OF ACTION WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER TERMS OF SERVICE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH COSTS OR DAMAGES AND EVEN IF THE LIMITED REMEDIES PROVIDED HEREIN FAIL OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL OF THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS, SO TO THAT EXTENT, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 11. RELEASE Section 11 discusses your agreement not to hold us responsible for any dispute you may have with another User, as detailed below. In addition to the recognition that Upwork is not a party to any contract between Users, you hereby release Upwork, our Affiliates, and our respective officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees and service providers from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with any dispute you have with another User, whether it be at law or in equity that exist as of the time you enter into this agreement. This release includes, for example and without limitation, any disputes regarding the performance, functions, and quality of the Freelancer Services provided to Client by a Freelancer and requests for refunds based upon disputes. Procedures regarding the handling of certain disputes between Users are discussed in the Escrow Instructions. TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE, YOU HEREBY WAIVE THE PROTECTIONS OF CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE § 1542 (AND ANY ANALOGOUS LAW IN ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION) WHICH SAYS: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.” This release will not apply to a claim that Upwork failed to meet our obligations under the Terms of Service. 12. INDEMNIFICATION Section 12 discusses your agreement to pay for any costs or losses we have as a result of a claim brought against us related to your use of the Site or Site Services or your illegal or harmful conduct, as detailed below. You will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Upwork, our Affiliates, and our respective directors, officers, employees, representatives, and agents (each an “Indemnified Party”) for all Indemnified Claims (defined below) and Indemnified Liabilities (defined below) relating to or arising out of: (a) the use of the Site and the Site Services by you or your agents, including any payment obligations or default (described in Section 6.4 (Non-Payment)) incurred through use of the Site Services; (b) any Work Product or User Content developed, provided, or otherwise related to your use of the Site Services; (c) any Service Contract entered into by you or your agents, including, but not limited to, the classification of a Freelancer as an independent contractor; the classification of Upwork as an employer or joint employer of Freelancer; any employment-related claims, such as those relating to employment termination, employment discrimination, harassment, or retaliation; and any claims for unpaid wages or other compensation, overtime pay, sick leave, holiday or vacation pay, retirement benefits, worker’s compensation benefits, unemployment benefits, or any other employee benefits; (d) failure to comply with the Terms of Service by you or your agents; (e) failure to comply with applicable law by you or your agents; (f) negligence, willful misconduct, or fraud by you or your agents; and (g) defamation, libel, violation of privacy rights, unfair competition, or infringement of Intellectual Property Rights or allegations thereof to the extent caused by you or your agents. For purposes of this Section 12, your agents includes any person who has apparent authority to access or use your account demonstrated by using your username and password. “Indemnified Claim” means any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs, losses, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and all related costs and expenses) arising from or relating to any claim, suit, proceeding, demand, or action brought by you or a third party or other User against an Indemnified Party. “Indemnified Liability” means any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs, losses, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and all related costs and expenses) arising from or relating to any claim, suit, proceeding, demand, or action brought by an Indemnified Party against you or a third party or other User. 13. AGREEMENT TERM AND TERMINATION Section 13 discusses your and Upwork’s agreement about when and how long this Agreement will last, when and how either you or Upwork can end this Agreement, and what happens if either of us ends the Agreement, as detailed below. 13.1 TERMINATION Unless both you and Upwork expressly agree otherwise in writing, either of us may terminate this Agreement in our sole discretion, at any time, without explanation, upon written notice to the other, which will result in the termination of the other Terms of Service as well, except as otherwise provided herein. You may provide written notice tolegalnotices@upwork.com. In the event you properly terminate this Agreement, your right to use the Site and Site Services is automatically revoked, and your Account will be closed. Upwork is not a party to any Service Contract between Users. Consequently, User understands and acknowledges that termination of this Agreement (or attempt to terminate this Agreement) does not terminate or otherwise impact any Service Contract or Project entered into between Users. If you attempt to terminate this Agreement while having one or more open Projects, you agree (a) you hereby instruct Upwork to close any open contracts; (b) you will continue to be bound by this Agreement and the other Terms of Service until all such Projects have closed on the Site; (c) Upwork will continue to perform those Site Services necessary to complete any open Project or related transaction between you and another User; and (d) you will continue to be obligated to pay any amounts accrued but unpaid as of the date of termination or as of the closure of any open Service Contracts, whichever is later, to Upwork for any Site Services or such other amounts owed under the Terms of Service and to any Freelancers for any Freelancer Services. Without limiting Upwork’s other rights or remedies, we may, but are not obligated to, temporarily or indefinitely revoke or limit access to the Site or Site Services, deny your registration, or permanently revoke your access to the Site and refuse to provide any or all Site Services to you if: (i) you breach the letter or spirit of any terms and conditions of this Agreement or any other provisions of the Terms of Service; (ii) we suspect or become aware that you have provided false or misleading information to us; or (iii) we believe, in our sole discretion, that your actions may cause legal liability for you, our Users, or Upwork or our Affiliates; may be contrary to the interests of the Site or the User community; or may involve illicit or illegal activity. If your Account is temporarily or permanently closed, you may not use the Site under the same Account or a different Account or reregister under a new Account without Upwork’s prior written consent. If you attempt to use the Site under a different Account, we reserve the right to reclaim available funds in that Account and/or use an available Payment Method to pay for any amounts owed by you to the extent permitted by applicable law. You acknowledge and agree that the value, reputation, and goodwill of the Site depend on transparency of User’s Account status to all Users, including both yourself and other Users who have entered into Service Contracts with you. You therefore agree as follows:IF UPWORK DECIDES TO TEMPORARILY OR PERMANENTLY CLOSE YOUR ACCOUNT, UPWORK HAS THE RIGHT WHERE ALLOWED BY LAW BUT NOT THE OBLIGATION TO: (A) NOTIFY OTHER USERS THAT HAVE ENTERED INTO SERVICE CONTRACTS WITH YOU TO INFORM THEM OF YOUR CLOSED ACCOUNT STATUS, (B) PROVIDE THOSE USERS WITH A SUMMARY OF THE REASONS FOR YOUR ACCOUNT CLOSURE. YOU AGREE THAT UPWORK WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY NOTICE THAT IT MAY PROVIDE TO ANY USER REGARDING CLOSED ACCOUNT STATUS OR THE REASON(S) FOR THE CLOSURE. 13.2 ACCOUNT DATA ON CLOSURE Except as otherwise required by law, if your Account is closed for any reason, you will no longer have access to data, messages, files, or other material you keep on the Site and any closure of your Account may involve deletion of any content stored in your Account for which Upwork will have no liability whatsoever. Upwork, in its sole discretion and as permitted or required by law, may retain some or all of your Account information. 13.3 SURVIVAL After this Agreement terminates, the terms of this Agreement and the other Terms of Service that expressly or by their nature contemplate performance after this Agreement terminates or expires will survive and continue in full force and effect. For example, the provisions requiring arbitration, permitting audits, protecting intellectual property, requiring non-circumvention, indemnification, payment of fees, reimbursement and setting forth limitations of liability each, by their nature, contemplate performance or observance after this Agreement terminates. Without limiting any other provisions of the Terms of Service, the termination of this Agreement for any reason will not release you or Upwork from any obligations incurred prior to termination of this Agreement or that thereafter may accrue in respect of any act or omission prior to such termination. 14. DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND UPWORK Section 14 discusses your agreement with Upwork and our agreement with you about how we will resolve any disputes, including that we will both first try to resolve any dispute informally and, if you are in the United States, that we both agree to use arbitration instead of going to court or using a jury if we can’t resolve the dispute informally, as detailed below. 14.1 DISPUTE PROCESS, ARBITRATION, AND SCOPE If a dispute arises between you and Upwork or our Affiliates, our goal is to resolve the dispute quickly and cost-effectively. Accordingly, unless you opt out as provided in Section 14.4.4 below, you, Upwork, and our Affiliates agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy that arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the other Terms of Service, your relationship with Upwork (including without limitation any claimed employment with Upwork or one of our Affiliates or successors), the termination of your relationship with Upwork, or the Site Services (each, a “Claim”) in accordance with this Section 14 (sometimes referred to as the “Arbitration Provision”). Claims covered by this Arbitration Provision include, but are not limited to, all claims, disputes, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Site, Site Services, the Terms of Service, any Service Contract, escrow payments or agreements, any payments or monies you claim are due to you from Upwork or our Affiliates or successors, trade secrets, unfair competition, false advertising, consumer protection, privacy, compensation, classification, minimum wage, seating, expense reimbursement, overtime, breaks and rest periods, termination, discrimination, retaliation or harassment and claims arising under the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Civil Rights Act of 1964, Rehabilitation Act, Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, Americans With Disabilities Act, Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Family Medical Leave Act, Fair Labor Standards Act, Employee Retirement Income Security Act (except for claims for employee benefits under any benefit plan sponsored by the Company and (a) covered by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 or (b) funded by insurance), Affordable Care Act, Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act, Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, Older Workers Benefits Protection Act of 1990, Occupational Safety and Health Act, Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, False Claims Act, state statutes or regulations addressing the same or similar subject matters, and all other federal or state legal claims arising out of or relating to your relationship with Upwork or the termination of that relationship. Disputes between the parties that may not be subject to predispute arbitration agreement as provided by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-203) or as provided by an Act of Congress or lawful, enforceable Executive Order, are excluded from the coverage of this Agreement. 14.2 CHOICE OF LAW The Site Terms of Use, the other Terms of Service, and any Claim will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of law provisions and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG); provided, however, that any Claims made by any Freelancer located within the United States will be governed by the law of the state in which such Freelancer resides. However, notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, this Arbitration Provision is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1 et seq.). 14.3 INFORMAL DISPUTE RESOLUTION Before serving a demand for arbitration of a Claim, you and Upwork agree to first notify each other of the Claim. You agree to notify Upwork of the Claim at Attn: Legal, 2625 Augustine Dr., Suite 601, Santa Clara CA 95054 or by email tolegalnotices@upwork.com, and Upwork agrees to provide to you a notice at your email address on file (in each case, a “Notice”). You and Upwork then will seek informal voluntary resolution of the Claim. Any Notice must include pertinent account information, a brief description of the Claim, and contact information, so that you or Upwork, as applicable, may evaluate the Claim and attempt to informally resolve the Claim. Both you and Upwork will have 60 days from the date of the receipt of the Notice to informally resolve the other party’s Claim, which, if successful, will avoid the need for further action. 14.4 BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION/JURY TRIAL WAIVER (DOES NOT APPLY TO USERS LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AND ITS TERRITORIES) This Arbitration Provision applies to all Users except Users located outside of the United States and its territories. In the unlikely event the parties are unable to resolve a Claim within 60 days of the receipt of the applicable Notice, you, Upwork, and our Affiliates agree to resolve the Claim by final and binding arbitration before an arbitrator from JAMS, instead of a court or jury. JAMS may be contacted atwww.jamsadr.com. 14.4.1. SCOPE OF ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CONDUCT OF ARBITRATION This Arbitration Provision applies to any Claim (defined above) the parties may have and survives after your relationship with Upwork ends. Claims covered by this Arbitration Provision include, but are not limited to, all claims, disputes or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Terms of Service and the Upwork Payroll Agreement. This Arbitration Provision is intended to apply to the resolution of disputes that otherwise would be resolved in a court of law or before a forum other than arbitration. If for any reason JAMS will not administer the arbitration, either party may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction with authority over the location where the arbitration will be conducted for appointment of a neutral arbitrator. Except as otherwise provided herein, arbitration will be conducted in Santa Clara County, California in accordance with the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures’ Optional Expedited Arbitration Procedures then in effect. Arbitration of disputes brought by a User that allege a violation of a consumer protection statute also will be subject to the JAMS Consumer Arbitration Minimum Standards, and such arbitrations will be conducted in the same state and within 25 miles of where the User is located. Claims by Freelancers that allege employment or worker classification disputes or will be conducted in the state and within 25 miles of where Freelancer is located in accordance with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures then in effect. The applicable JAMS arbitration rules may be found atwww.jamsadr.comor by searching online for “JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures,” “JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules,” or “JAMS Consumer Arbitration Minimum Standards.” Any dispute regarding the applicability of a particular set of JAMS rules shall be resolved exclusively by the arbitrator. Any party will have the right to appear at the arbitration by telephone and/or video rather than in person. You and Upwork will follow the applicable JAMS rules with respect to arbitration fees. In any arbitration under the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures, the Freelancer will pay JAMS arbitration fees only to the extent those fees are no greater than the filing or initial appearance fees applicable to court actions in the jurisdiction where the arbitration will be conducted, with Upwork to make up the difference, if any. In any arbitration under the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures’ Optional Expedited Arbitration Procedures then in effect in which a User makes a claim under a consumer protection statute, the User will pay JAMS arbitration fees only to the extent those fees are no greater than the filing or initial appearance fees applicable to court actions in the jurisdiction where the arbitration will be conducted, or $250.00, whichever is less, with Upwork to make up the difference, if any. The arbitrator must follow applicable law and may award only those remedies that would have applied had the matter been heard in court. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator’s decision in any court having jurisdiction. This Arbitration Provision does not apply to litigation between Upwork and you that is or was already pending in a state or federal court or arbitration before the expiration of the opt-out period set forth in Section 14.4.4, below. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no amendment to this Arbitration Provision will apply to any matter pending in an arbitration proceeding brought under this Section 14 unless all parties to that arbitration consent in writing to that amendment. This Arbitration Provision also does not apply to claims for workers compensation, state disability insurance or unemployment insurance benefits. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents you from making a report to or filing a claim or charge with a government agency, including without limitation the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, U.S. Department of Labor, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, National Labor Relations Board, or Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents the investigation by a government agency of any report, claim or charge otherwise covered by this Arbitration Provision. This Arbitration Provision also does not prevent federal administrative agencies from adjudicating claims and awarding remedies based on those claims, even if the claims would otherwise be covered by this Arbitration Provision. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents or excuses a party from satisfying any conditions precedent and/or exhausting administrative remedies under applicable law before bringing a claim in arbitration. Upwork will not retaliate against you for filing a claim with an administrative agency or for exercising rights (individually or in concert with others) under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. 14.4.2. INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION This Arbitration Provision is the full and complete agreement relating to the formal resolution of Claims. Except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, this Arbitration Provision covers, and the arbitrator shall have exclusive jurisdiction to decide, all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, enforcement, or application of this Arbitration Provision, including the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Provision or any portion of the Arbitration Provision. All such matters shall be decided by an arbitrator and not by a court. The parties expressly agree that the arbitrator and not a court will decide any question of whether the parties agreed to arbitrate, including but not limited to any claim that all or part of this Arbitration Provision, this Agreement, or any other part of the Terms of Service is void or voidable. In the event any portion of this Arbitration Provision is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of this Arbitration Provision will be enforceable. If any portion of the Class Action Waiver in Section 14.4.3, below, of this Arbitration Provision is deemed to be unenforceable, you and Upwork agree that this Arbitration Provision will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. 14.4.3. CLASS AND COLLECTIVE WAIVER Private attorney general representative actions under the California Labor Code are not arbitrable, not within the scope of this Arbitration Provision and may be maintained in a court of law. However, this Arbitration Provision affects your ability to participate in class or collective actions. Both you and Upwork agree to bring any dispute in arbitration on an individual basis only, and not on a class or collective basis on behalf of others. There will be no right or authority for any dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a class or collective action, or as a member in any such class or collective proceeding (“Class Action Waiver”). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or the JAMS rules, disputes regarding the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity or breach of the Class Action Waiver may be resolved only by a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. In any case in which (1) the dispute is filed as a class or collective action and (2) there is a final judicial determination that all or part of the Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, the class or collective action to that extent must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction, but the portion of the Class Action Waiver that is enforceable shall be enforced in arbitration. You and Upwork agree that you will not be retaliated against, disciplined or threatened with discipline as a result of your filing or participating in a class or collective action in any forum. However, Upwork may lawfully seek enforcement of this Arbitration Provision and the Class Action Waiver under the Federal Arbitration Act and seek dismissal of such class or collective actions or claims. 14.4.4. RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF THE ARBITRATION PROVISION You may opt out of the Arbitration Provision contained in this Section 14 by notifying Upwork in writing within 30 days of the date you first registered for the Site.To opt out, you must send a written notification to Upwork at Attn: Legal, 2625 Augustine Dr., Suite 601, Santa Clara CA 95054 that includes (a) your Account username, (b) your name, (c) your address, (d) your telephone number, (e) your email address, and (f) a statement indicating that you wish to opt out of the Arbitration Provision. Alternatively, you may send this written notification tolegalnotices@upwork.com. Opting out of this Arbitration Provision will not affect any other terms of this Agreement. If you do not opt out as provided in this Section 14.4.4, continuing your relationship with Upwork constitutes mutual acceptance of the terms of this Arbitration Provision by you and Upwork. You have the right to consult with counsel of your choice concerning this Agreement and the Arbitration Provision. 14.4.5. Enforcement of this Arbitration Provision. This Arbitration Provision replaces all prior agreements regarding the arbitration of disputes and is the full and complete agreement relating to the formal resolution of disputes covered by this Arbitration Provision. In the event any portion of this Arbitration Provision is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of this Arbitration Provision will be enforceable. If any portion of the Class Action Waiver in Section 14.4.3, above, is deemed to be unenforceable, you and Upwork agree that this Arbitration Provision will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. 15. GENERAL Section 15 discusses additional terms of the agreement between you and Upwork, including that the Terms of Service contain our full agreement, how the agreement will be interpreted and applied, and your agreement not to access the Site from certain locations, as detailed below. 15.1 ENTIRE AGREEMENT This Agreement, together with the other Terms of Service, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between you and Upwork relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof and cancels and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous discussions, agreements, representations, warranties, and other communications between you and us, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof and thereof. The section headings in the Terms of Service are included for ease of reference only and have no binding effect. Even though Upwork drafted the Terms of Service, you represent that you had ample time to review and decide whether to agree to the Terms of Service. If an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation of the Terms of Service arises, no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring you or Upwork because of the authorship of any provision of the Terms of Service. 15.2 MODIFICATIONS; WAIVER No modification or amendment to the Terms of Service will be binding upon Upwork unless they are agreed in a written instrument signed by a duly authorized representative of Upwork or posted on the Site by Upwork. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. We do not guarantee we will take action against all breaches of this User Agreement. 15.3 ASSIGNABILITY User may not assign the Terms of Service, or any of its rights or obligations hereunder, without Upwork’s prior written consent in the form of a written instrument signed by a duly authorized representative of Upwork. Upwork may freely assign this Agreement and the other Terms of Service without User’s consent. Any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of this subsection will be null and void. Subject to the foregoing restrictions, the Terms of Service are binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the successors, heirs, and permitted assigns of the parties. 15.4 SEVERABILITY; INTERPRETATION If and to the extent any provision of this Agreement or the other Terms of Service is held illegal, invalid, or unenforceable in whole or in part under applicable law, such provision or such portion thereof will be ineffective as to the jurisdiction in which it is illegal, invalid, or unenforceable to the extent of its illegality, invalidity, or unenforceability and will be deemed modified to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law so as to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties. The illegality, invalidity, or unenforceability of such provision in that jurisdiction will not in any way affect the legality, validity, or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction or of any other provision in any jurisdiction. 15.5 FORCE MAJEURE The parties to this Agreement will not be responsible for the failure to perform, or any delay in performance of, any obligation hereunder for a reasonable period due to labor disturbances, accidents, fires, floods, telecommunications or Internet failures, strikes, wars, riots, rebellions, blockades, acts of government, governmental requirements and regulations or restrictions imposed by law or any other conditions beyond the reasonable control of such party. 15.6 PREVAILING LANGUAGE AND LOCATION The English language version of the Terms of Service will be controlling in all respects and will prevail in case of any inconsistencies with translated versions, if any. The Site is controlled and operated from our facilities in the United States. 15.7 ACCESS OF THE SITE OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES Upwork makes no representations that the Site is appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. Those who access or use the Site from other jurisdictions do so at their own risk and are entirely responsible for compliance with all applicable foreign, United States, state, and local laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, export and import regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations maintained by the United States Department of Commerce and the sanctions programs maintained by the Department of the Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control. You must not directly or indirectly sell, export, re-export, transfer, divert, or otherwise dispose of any software or service to any end user without obtaining any and all required authorizations from the appropriate government authorities. You also warrant that you are not prohibited from receiving U.S. origin products, including services or software. In order to access or use the Site or Site Services, you must and hereby represent that you are not: (a) a citizen or resident of a geographic area in which access to or use of the Site or Site Services is prohibited by applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, or administrative act; (b) a citizen or resident of, or located in, a geographic area that is subject to U.S. or other sovereign country sanctions or embargoes; or (c) an individual, or an individual employed by or associated with an entity, identified on the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons or Entity List, the U.S. Department of Treasury Specially Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons Lists, or the U.S. Department of State Debarred Parties List or otherwise ineligible to receive items subject to U.S. export control laws and regulations or other economic sanction rules of any sovereign nation. You agree that if your country of residence or other circumstances change such that the above representations are no longer accurate, that you will immediately cease using the Site and Site Services and your license to use the Site or Site Services will be immediately revoked. 15.8 CONSENT TO USE ELECTRONIC RECORDS In connection with the Site Terms of Use, you may be entitled to receive, or we may otherwise provide, certain records from Upwork or our Affiliates, such as contracts, notices, and communications, in writing. To facilitate your use of the Site and the Site Services, you give us permission to provide these records to you electronically instead of in paper form. 16. DEFINITIONS Section 16 gives you some definitions of capitalized terms that appear in the Terms of Service but other capitalized terms are defined above, which you can tell because the term is put in quotation marks and bold font. Capitalized terms not defined below or above have the meanings described in the Site Terms of Use or elsewhere in the Terms of Service. “Client” means any authorized User utilizing the Site or Site Services, including Direct Contract Services, to seek and/or obtain Freelancer Services, including from another User. “Confidential Information” means any material or information provided to, or created by, a User to evaluate a Project or the suitability of another User for the Project, regardless of whether the information is in tangible, electronic, verbal, graphic, visual, or other form. Confidential Information does not include material or information that: (a) is generally known by third parties as a result of no act or omission of Freelancer or Client; (b) was lawfully received by User without restriction from a third party having the right to disseminate the information; (c) was already known by User prior to receiving it from the other party and was not received from a third party in breach of that third party’s obligations of confidentiality; or (d) was independently developed by User without use of another person’s Confidential Information. “Escrow Account” means Client Escrow Account, Freelancer Escrow Account, or Fixed-Price Escrow Account. “Escrow Instructions” means the Fixed-Price Escrow Instructions or the Hourly, Bonus, and Expense Payment Agreement with Escrow Instructions. “Fixed-Price Contract” means a Service Contract for which Client is charged a fixed fee agreed between a Client and a Freelancer, prior to the commencement of a Service Contract, for the completion of all Freelancer Services contracted by Client for such Service Contract. “Freelancer” means any authorized User utilizing the Site or Site Services, including Direct Contract Services, to advertise or provide Freelancer Services to Clients, including Freelancer Accounts that are Agency Accounts or, if applicable, Agency Members. A Freelancer is a customer of Upwork with respect to use of the Site and Site Services. “Freelancer Fees” means: (a) for an Hourly Contract, the amount reflected in the Hourly Invoice (the number of hours invoiced by Freelancer, multiplied by the hourly rate charged by Freelancer); (b) for a Fixed-Price Contract, the fixed fee agreed between a Client and a Freelancer; and (c) any bonuses or other payments made by a Client to a Freelancer. “Freelancer Services” means all services performed for or delivered to Clients by Freelancers. “Hourly Contract” means a Service Contract for which Client is charged based on the hourly rate charged by Freelancer. “Hourly Invoice” means the report of hours invoiced for a stated period by a Freelancer for Freelancer Services performed for a Client. The term “including” as used herein means including without limitation. “Intellectual Property Rights” means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, in each case, under the laws of any state, country, territory or other jurisdiction. “Payment Method” means a valid credit card issued by a bank acceptable to Upwork, a bank account linked to your Account, a PayPal account, a debit card, or such other method of payment as Upwork may accept from time to time in our sole discretion. “Project” means an engagement for Freelancer Services that a Freelancer provides to a Client under a Service Contract on the Site. “Staffing Employee” means a Freelancer enrolled in Upwork Payroll, accepted for employment by a Staffing Provider, and assigned by the Staffing Provider to provide Freelancer Services to one or more Client(s). “Service Contract” means, as applicable, (a) the contractual provisions between a Client and a Freelancer governing the Freelancer Services to be performed by a Freelancer for Client for a Project; (b) a Direct Contract as defined in the Upwork Direct Contract Terms; or (c) if you use Upwork Payroll, the contractual provisions between Freelancer and the Staffing Provider for the provision of services to Client, if any. “Substantial Change” means a change to the terms of the Terms of Service that reduces your rights or increases your responsibilities. “Upwork App” means the online platform accessed using Upwork’s downloaded application or other software that enables time tracking and invoicing, chat, and screenshot sharing with other Users. “User Content” means any comments, remarks, data, feedback, content, text, photographs, images, video, music, or other content or information that you or any Site Visitor or User post to any part of the Site or provide to Upwork, including such content or information that is posted as a result of questions. “Work Product” means any tangible or intangible results or deliverables that Freelancer agrees to create for, or actually delivers to, Client as a result of performing the Freelancer Services, including, but not limited to, configurations, computer programs, or other information, or customized hardware, and any intellectual property developed in connection therewith.  You may opt out of the Arbitration Provision contained in this Section 14 by notifying Upwork in writing within 30 days of the date you first registered for the Site.To opt out, you must send a written notification to Upwork at Attn: Legal, 2625 Augustine Dr., Suite 601, Santa Clara CA 95054 that includes (a) your Account username, (b) your name, (c) your address, (d) your telephone number, (e) your email address, and (f) a statement indicating that you wish to opt out of the Arbitration Provision. Alternatively, you may send this written notification tolegalnotices@upwork.com. Opting out of this Arbitration Provision will not affect any other terms of this Agreement. If you do not opt out as provided in this Section 14.4.4, continuing your relationship with Upwork constitutes mutual acceptance of the terms of this Arbitration Provision by you and Upwork. You have the right to consult with counsel of your choice concerning this Agreement and the Arbitration Provision. 14.4.5. Enforcement of this Arbitration Provision. This Arbitration Provision replaces all prior agreements regarding the arbitration of disputes and is the full and complete agreement relating to the formal resolution of disputes covered by this Arbitration Provision. In the event any portion of this Arbitration Provision is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of this Arbitration Provision will be enforceable. If any portion of the Class Action Waiver in Section 14.4.3, above, is deemed to be unenforceable, you and Upwork agree that this Arbitration Provision will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. 15. GENERAL Section 15 discusses additional terms of the agreement between you and Upwork, including that the Terms of Service contain our full agreement, how the agreement will be interpreted and applied, and your agreement not to access the Site from certain locations, as detailed below. 15.1 ENTIRE AGREEMENT This Agreement, together with the other Terms of Service, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between you and Upwork relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof and cancels and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous discussions, agreements, representations, warranties, and other communications between you and us, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof and thereof. The section headings in the Terms of Service are included for ease of reference only and have no binding effect. Even though Upwork drafted the Terms of Service, you represent that you had ample time to review and decide whether to agree to the Terms of Service. If an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation of the Terms of Service arises, no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring you or Upwork because of the authorship of any provision of the Terms of Service. 15.2 MODIFICATIONS; WAIVER No modification or amendment to the Terms of Service will be binding upon Upwork unless they are agreed in a written instrument signed by a duly authorized representative of Upwork or posted on the Site by Upwork. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. We do not guarantee we will take action against all breaches of this User Agreement. 15.3 ASSIGNABILITY User may not assign the Terms of Service, or any of its rights or obligations hereunder, without Upwork’s prior written consent in the form of a written instrument signed by a duly authorized representative of Upwork. Upwork may freely assign this Agreement and the other Terms of Service without User’s consent. Any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of this subsection will be null and void. Subject to the foregoing restrictions, the Terms of Service are binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the successors, heirs, and permitted assigns of the parties. 15.4 SEVERABILITY; INTERPRETATION If and to the extent any provision of this Agreement or the other Terms of Service is held illegal, invalid, or unenforceable in whole or in part under applicable law, such provision or such portion thereof will be ineffective as to the jurisdiction in which it is illegal, invalid, or unenforceable to the extent of its illegality, invalidity, or unenforceability and will be deemed modified to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law so as to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties. The illegality, invalidity, or unenforceability of such provision in that jurisdiction will not in any way affect the legality, validity, or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction or of any other provision in any jurisdiction. 15.5 FORCE MAJEURE The parties to this Agreement will not be responsible for the failure to perform, or any delay in performance of, any obligation hereunder for a reasonable period due to labor disturbances, accidents, fires, floods, telecommunications or Internet failures, strikes, wars, riots, rebellions, blockades, acts of government, governmental requirements and regulations or restrictions imposed by law or any other conditions beyond the reasonable control of such party. 15.6 PREVAILING LANGUAGE AND LOCATION The English language version of the Terms of Service will be controlling in all respects and will prevail in case of any inconsistencies with translated versions, if any. The Site is controlled and operated from our facilities in the United States. 15.7 ACCESS OF THE SITE OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES Upwork makes no representations that the Site is appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. Those who access or use the Site from other jurisdictions do so at their own risk and are entirely responsible for compliance with all applicable foreign, United States, state, and local laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, export and import regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations maintained by the United States Department of Commerce and the sanctions programs maintained by the Department of the Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control. You must not directly or indirectly sell, export, re-export, transfer, divert, or otherwise dispose of any software or service to any end user without obtaining any and all required authorizations from the appropriate government authorities. You also warrant that you are not prohibited from receiving U.S. origin products, including services or software. In order to access or use the Site or Site Services, you must and hereby represent that you are not: (a) a citizen or resident of a geographic area in which access to or use of the Site or Site Services is prohibited by applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, or administrative act; (b) a citizen or resident of, or located in, a geographic area that is subject to U.S. or other sovereign country sanctions or embargoes; or (c) an individual, or an individual employed by or associated with an entity, identified on the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons or Entity List, the U.S. Department of Treasury Specially Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons Lists, or the U.S. Department of State Debarred Parties List or otherwise ineligible to receive items subject to U.S. export control laws and regulations or other economic sanction rules of any sovereign nation. You agree that if your country of residence or other circumstances change such that the above representations are no longer accurate, that you will immediately cease using the Site and Site Services and your license to use the Site or Site Services will be immediately revoked. 15.8 CONSENT TO USE ELECTRONIC RECORDS In connection with the Site Terms of Use, you may be entitled to receive, or we may otherwise provide, certain records from Upwork or our Affiliates, such as contracts, notices, and communications, in writing. To facilitate your use of the Site and the Site Services, you give us permission to provide these records to you electronically instead of in paper form. 16. DEFINITIONS Section 16 gives you some definitions of capitalized terms that appear in the Terms of Service but other capitalized terms are defined above, which you can tell because the term is put in quotation marks and bold font. Capitalized terms not defined below or above have the meanings described in the Site Terms of Use or elsewhere in the Terms of Service. “Client” means any authorized User utilizing the Site or Site Services, including Direct Contract Services, to seek and/or obtain Freelancer Services, including from another User. “Confidential Information” means any material or information provided to, or created by, a User to evaluate a Project or the suitability of another User for the Project, regardless of whether the information is in tangible, electronic, verbal, graphic, visual, or other form. Confidential Information does not include material or information that: (a) is generally known by third parties as a result of no act or omission of Freelancer or Client; (b) was lawfully received by User without restriction from a third party having the right to disseminate the information; (c) was already known by User prior to receiving it from the other party and was not received from a third party in breach of that third party’s obligations of confidentiality; or (d) was independently developed by User without use of another person’s Confidential Information. “Escrow Account” means Client Escrow Account, Freelancer Escrow Account, or Fixed-Price Escrow Account. “Escrow Instructions” means the Fixed-Price Escrow Instructions or the Hourly, Bonus, and Expense Payment Agreement with Escrow Instructions. “Fixed-Price Contract” means a Service Contract for which Client is charged a fixed fee agreed between a Client and a Freelancer, prior to the commencement of a Service Contract, for the completion of all Freelancer Services contracted by Client for such Service Contract. “Freelancer” means any authorized User utilizing the Site or Site Services, including Direct Contract Services, to advertise or provide Freelancer Services to Clients, including Freelancer Accounts that are Agency Accounts or, if applicable, Agency Members. A Freelancer is a customer of Upwork with respect to use of the Site and Site Services. “Freelancer Fees” means: (a) for an Hourly Contract, the amount reflected in the Hourly Invoice (the number of hours invoiced by Freelancer, multiplied by the hourly rate charged by Freelancer); (b) for a Fixed-Price Contract, the fixed fee agreed between a Client and a Freelancer; and (c) any bonuses or other payments made by a Client to a Freelancer. “Freelancer Services” means all services performed for or delivered to Clients by Freelancers. “Hourly Contract” means a Service Contract for which Client is charged based on the hourly rate charged by Freelancer. “Hourly Invoice” means the report of hours invoiced for a stated period by a Freelancer for Freelancer Services performed for a Client. The term “including” as used herein means including without limitation. “Intellectual Property Rights” means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, in each case, under the laws of any state, country, territory or other jurisdiction. “Payment Method” means a valid credit card issued by a bank acceptable to Upwork, a bank account linked to your Account, a PayPal account, a debit card, or such other method of payment as Upwork may accept from time to time in our sole discretion. “Project” means an engagement for Freelancer Services that a Freelancer provides to a Client under a Service Contract on the Site. “Staffing Employee” means a Freelancer enrolled in Upwork Payroll, accepted for employment by a Staffing Provider, and assigned by the Staffing Provider to provide Freelancer Services to one or more Client(s). “Service Contract” means, as applicable, (a) the contractual provisions between a Client and a Freelancer governing the Freelancer Services to be performed by a Freelancer for Client for a Project; (b) a Direct Contract as defined in the Upwork Direct Contract Terms; or (c) if you use Upwork Payroll, the contractual provisions between Freelancer and the Staffing Provider for the provision of services to Client, if any. “Substantial Change” means a change to the terms of the Terms of Service that reduces your rights or increases your responsibilities. “Upwork App” means the online platform accessed using Upwork’s downloaded application or other software that enables time tracking and invoicing, chat, and screenshot sharing with other Users. “User Content” means any comments, remarks, data, feedback, content, text, photographs, images, video, music, or other content or information that you or any Site Visitor or User post to any part of the Site or provide to Upwork, including such content or information that is posted as a result of questions. “Work Product” means any tangible or intangible results or deliverables that Freelancer agrees to create for, or actually delivers to, Client as a result of performing the Freelancer Services, including, but not limited to, configurations, computer programs, or other information, or customized hardware, and any intellectual property developed in connection therewith.  6.1 THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS Freelancer represents and warrants that Freelancer will not incorporate or use the materials of any third party including those of any other client or any employer, in performing the Freelancer Services that are not generally available for use by the public or have not been legally transferred to the Client. 6.2 BACKGROUND TECHNOLOGY Freelancer will disclose in the Engagement terms any Background Technology which Freelancer proposes to incorporate into Work Product or upon which use or distribution of the Work Product will depend. If Freelancer discloses no Background Technology, Freelancer warrants that it will not incorporate any Background Technology into Work Product provided pursuant thereto. Freelancer will separately provide, with each delivery of Work Product to Client, a bill of materials that identifies all Background Technology and other third-party materials that have been incorporated into the Work Product and provides, for each item of Background Technology identified, (a) the name and any associated version number, (b) the applicable license or licensing terms, (c) whether the item has been modified by Freelancer, and (d) how the item has been incorporated into, is used by, or is relied upon by the Work Product. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise agreed in the Engagement terms, Freelancer agrees that it will not incorporate into Work Product or otherwise deliver to Client any software code for which the use or distribution of the code will create (or purport to create) obligations for Client to grant any rights or immunities under Client intellectual property to a third-party, including without limitation any obligation that the Work Product or Client software combined with, derived from, or distributed with such Work Product (x) be disclosed or distributed in source code form, (y) be licensed for the purpose of making derivative works, or (z) be redistributable at no charge. 6.3 CLIENT MATERIALS Client grants Freelancer a limited, non-exclusive, revocable (at any time, at Client’s sole discretion) right to use the Client Materials as necessary solely for the performance of the Freelancer Services under the applicable Service Contract. Client reserves all other rights and interest, including, without limitation, all Intellectual Property Rights, in and to the Client Materials. Upon completion or termination of the Service Contract, or upon Client’s written request, Freelancer will immediately return all Client Materials to Client and further agrees to destroy all copies of Client Materials and Deliverables (except for Background Technology as permitted by the Service Contract) contained in or on Freelancer’s premises, systems, or any other equipment or location otherwise under Freelancer’s control. Within ten days of such request from Client, Freelancer agrees to provide written certification to Client that Freelancer has returned or destroyed all Client Materials and Work Product as provided in this subsection. 6.4 OWNERSHIP OF WORK PRODUCT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Upon Freelancer’s receipt of full payment from Client, the Work Product (except for any Background Technology), including without limitation all Intellectual Property Rights in the Work Product (except for any Background Technology), will be the sole and exclusive property of Client, and Client will be deemed to be the author thereof. If Freelancer has any Intellectual Property Rights to the Work Product that are not owned by Client upon Freelancer’s receipt of payment from Client, Freelancer hereby automatically irrevocably assigns to Client all right, title and interest worldwide in and to such Intellectual Property Rights. Except as set forth above, Freelancer retains no rights to use, and will not challenge the validity of Client’s ownership in, such Intellectual Property Rights. Freelancer hereby waives any moral rights, rights of paternity, integrity, disclosure and withdrawal or inalienable rights under applicable law in and to the Work Product. If payment is made only for partial delivery of Work Product, the assignment described herein applies only to the portion of Work Product delivered and paid for. 6.5 LICENSE TO BACKGROUND TECHNOLOGY Upon Freelancer’s receipt of full payment from Client for delivery of Work Product, Freelancer hereby automatically grants to Client a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully-paid and royalty-free, irrevocable and worldwide right, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make, have made, use, sell, import, offer for sale, and exercise any and all present or future rights in the Background Technology incorporated in Work Product delivered for that payment. If payment is made only for partial delivery of Work Product, the license described herein applies only to the portion of Work Product delivered and paid for. 6.6 LICENSE TO OR WAIVER OF OTHER RIGHTS If Freelancer has any right to the Work Product, including without limitation any Intellectual Property Right, that cannot be assigned to Client by Freelancer, Freelancer hereby automatically, upon Freelancer’s receipt of full payment from Client, unconditionally and irrevocably grants to Client during the term of such rights, an exclusive, even as to Freelancer, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, fully-paid and royalty-free license to such rights, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make, use, sell, import, offer for sale and exercise any and all such rights. If Freelancer has any rights to such Work Product that cannot be assigned or licensed, Freelancer hereby automatically, upon Freelancer’s receipt of payment from Client, unconditionally and irrevocably waives the enforcement of such rights, and all claims and causes of action of any kind against Client or related to Client’s customers, with respect to such rights, and will, at Client’s request and expense, consent to and join in any action to enforce such rights. If payment is made only for partial delivery of Work Product, the grant described herein applies only to the portion of Work Product delivered. 6.7 ASSISTANCE Freelancer will assist Client in every way, including by signing any documents or instruments reasonably required, both during and after the term of the Service Contract, to obtain and enforce Intellectual Property Rights relating to Work Product in all countries. In the event Client is unable, after reasonable effort, to secure Freelancer’s signature on any document needed in connection with the foregoing, Freelancer hereby designates and appoints Client and its duly authorized officers and agents as its agent and attorney in fact to act on its behalf to further the purposes of this Section with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Freelancer. 7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 7.1 CONFIDENTIALITY To the extent a Client or Freelancer provides Confidential Information to the other, the recipient will protect the secrecy of the discloser’s Confidential Information with the same degree of care as it uses to protect its own Confidential Information, but in no event with less than due care, and will: (a) not disclose or permit others to disclose another’s Confidential Information to anyone without first obtaining the express written consent of the owner of the Confidential Information; (b) not use or permit the use of another’s Confidential Information, except as necessary for the performance of Freelancer Services (including, without limitation, the storage or transmission of Confidential Information on or through the Site for use by Freelancer); and (c) limit access to another’s Confidential Information to its personnel who need to know such information for the performance of Freelancer Services. 7.2 RETURN If and when Confidential Information is no longer needed for the performance of the Freelancer Services for a Services Contract or at Client’s or Freelancer’s written request (which may be made at any time at Client’s or Freelancer’s sole discretion), the party that received Confidential Information, will, at its expense, promptly destroy or return the disclosing party’s Confidential Information and any copies thereof contained in or on its premises, systems, or any other equipment otherwise under its control. The party that received Confidential Information agrees to provide written certification to the party disclosing the Confidential Information of compliance with this subsection within ten days after the receipt of disclosing party’s written request for such certification. 7.3 PUBLICATION Without limiting Section 7 (Confidentiality), Client and Freelancer will not publish, or cause to be published, any other party’s Confidential Information or Work Product, except as may be necessary for performance of Freelancer Services for a Services Contract. 7.4 IMMUNITY A disclosure of information will be immune from prosecution or civil action under the Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1832, if it: (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 8. DEFINITIONS The following capitalized terms have the following meanings: “Background Technology” means all Inventions developed by Freelancer other than in the course of providing Freelancer Services to Client under the Service Contract and all Inventions that Freelancer incorporates into Work Product. “Client” means any person who entered into a Service Contract to obtain Freelancer Services from a Freelancer. “Client Deliverables” means requests, intellectual property, and any other information or materials that a Freelancer receives from a Client to perform Freelancer Services. “Client Materials” means requests, intellectual property, and any other information or materials that Client provides to Freelancer for Freelancer to perform Freelancer Services. “Confidential Information” means Client Deliverables, Freelancer Deliverables, Work Product, and any other information provided to, or created by, a User for a Service Contract or to perform or assist in performing Freelancer Services, regardless of whether in tangible, electronic, verbal, graphic, visual, or other form. Confidential Information does not include material or information that is known to the public or that: (a) is generally known by third parties as a result of no act or omission of Freelancer or Client; (b) subsequent to disclosure hereunder, was lawfully received without restriction on disclosure from a third party having the right to disseminate the information; (c) was already known by User prior to receiving it from the other party and was not received from a third party in breach of that third party’s obligations of confidentiality; or (d) was independently developed by User without use of another person’s Confidential Information. “Engagement” means an engagement for Freelancer Services that a Freelancer provides to a Client under a Service Contract on the Site. “Escrow Instructions” means the Fixed-Price Escrow Instructions or the Hourly, Bonus and Expense Payment Agreement with Escrow Instructions. “Fixed-Price Contract” means a Service Contract for which Client is charged a fixed fee agreed between a Client and a Freelancer, prior to the commencement of a Service Contract, for the completion of all Freelancer Services contracted by Client for such Service Contract. “Freelancer” means any person who entered into a Service Contract to perform Freelancer services for a Client. “Freelancer Deliverables” means requests, intellectual property, and any other information or materials that a Client receives from a Freelancer for a particular Service Contract. “Freelancer Fees” means: (a) for an Hourly Contract, an amount equal to the number of hours recorded by Freelancer in any Hourly Invoice, multiplied by the hourly rate set by the Freelancer; (b) for a Fixed-Price Contract, the fixed fee agreed between a Client and a Freelancer; and (c) any bonuses or other payments made by a Client. “Freelancer Services” means all services performed for or delivered to Clients by Freelancers. “Hourly Contract” means a Service Contract for which Client is charged based on the hourly rate set by the Freelancer. “Hourly Invoice” means the report of hours recorded for a stated period by a Freelancer for the Freelancer Services performed for a Client. “Intellectual Property Rights” means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any state, country, territory or other jurisdiction. “Invention” means any ideas, concepts, information, materials, processes, data, programs, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, artwork, formulae, other copyrightable works, and techniques and all Intellectual Property Rights therein. “Service Contract” means, as applicable, (a) the contractual provisions between a Client and a Freelancer governing the Freelancer Services to be performed by a Freelancer for Client for an Engagement; or (b) if you use Upwork Payroll, the contractual provisions between Freelancer and the Staffing Provider for the provision of services to Client. “Work Product” means any tangible or intangible results or deliverables that Freelancer agrees to create for, or actually delivers to, Client as a result of performing the Freelancer Services, including, but not limited to, configurations, computer programs, or other information, or customized hardware, and any intellectual property developed in connection therewith.  Freelancer represents and warrants that Freelancer will not incorporate or use the materials of any third party including those of any other client or any employer, in performing the Freelancer Services that are not generally available for use by the public or have not been legally transferred to the Client. 6.2 BACKGROUND TECHNOLOGY Freelancer will disclose in the Engagement terms any Background Technology which Freelancer proposes to incorporate into Work Product or upon which use or distribution of the Work Product will depend. If Freelancer discloses no Background Technology, Freelancer warrants that it will not incorporate any Background Technology into Work Product provided pursuant thereto. Freelancer will separately provide, with each delivery of Work Product to Client, a bill of materials that identifies all Background Technology and other third-party materials that have been incorporated into the Work Product and provides, for each item of Background Technology identified, (a) the name and any associated version number, (b) the applicable license or licensing terms, (c) whether the item has been modified by Freelancer, and (d) how the item has been incorporated into, is used by, or is relied upon by the Work Product. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise agreed in the Engagement terms, Freelancer agrees that it will not incorporate into Work Product or otherwise deliver to Client any software code for which the use or distribution of the code will create (or purport to create) obligations for Client to grant any rights or immunities under Client intellectual property to a third-party, including without limitation any obligation that the Work Product or Client software combined with, derived from, or distributed with such Work Product (x) be disclosed or distributed in source code form, (y) be licensed for the purpose of making derivative works, or (z) be redistributable at no charge. 6.3 CLIENT MATERIALS Client grants Freelancer a limited, non-exclusive, revocable (at any time, at Client’s sole discretion) right to use the Client Materials as necessary solely for the performance of the Freelancer Services under the applicable Service Contract. Client reserves all other rights and interest, including, without limitation, all Intellectual Property Rights, in and to the Client Materials. Upon completion or termination of the Service Contract, or upon Client’s written request, Freelancer will immediately return all Client Materials to Client and further agrees to destroy all copies of Client Materials and Deliverables (except for Background Technology as permitted by the Service Contract) contained in or on Freelancer’s premises, systems, or any other equipment or location otherwise under Freelancer’s control. Within ten days of such request from Client, Freelancer agrees to provide written certification to Client that Freelancer has returned or destroyed all Client Materials and Work Product as provided in this subsection. 6.4 OWNERSHIP OF WORK PRODUCT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Upon Freelancer’s receipt of full payment from Client, the Work Product (except for any Background Technology), including without limitation all Intellectual Property Rights in the Work Product (except for any Background Technology), will be the sole and exclusive property of Client, and Client will be deemed to be the author thereof. If Freelancer has any Intellectual Property Rights to the Work Product that are not owned by Client upon Freelancer’s receipt of payment from Client, Freelancer hereby automatically irrevocably assigns to Client all right, title and interest worldwide in and to such Intellectual Property Rights. Except as set forth above, Freelancer retains no rights to use, and will not challenge the validity of Client’s ownership in, such Intellectual Property Rights. Freelancer hereby waives any moral rights, rights of paternity, integrity, disclosure and withdrawal or inalienable rights under applicable law in and to the Work Product. If payment is made only for partial delivery of Work Product, the assignment described herein applies only to the portion of Work Product delivered and paid for. 6.5 LICENSE TO BACKGROUND TECHNOLOGY Upon Freelancer’s receipt of full payment from Client for delivery of Work Product, Freelancer hereby automatically grants to Client a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully-paid and royalty-free, irrevocable and worldwide right, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make, have made, use, sell, import, offer for sale, and exercise any and all present or future rights in the Background Technology incorporated in Work Product delivered for that payment. If payment is made only for partial delivery of Work Product, the license described herein applies only to the portion of Work Product delivered and paid for. 6.6 LICENSE TO OR WAIVER OF OTHER RIGHTS If Freelancer has any right to the Work Product, including without limitation any Intellectual Property Right, that cannot be assigned to Client by Freelancer, Freelancer hereby automatically, upon Freelancer’s receipt of full payment from Client, unconditionally and irrevocably grants to Client during the term of such rights, an exclusive, even as to Freelancer, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, fully-paid and royalty-free license to such rights, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make, use, sell, import, offer for sale and exercise any and all such rights. If Freelancer has any rights to such Work Product that cannot be assigned or licensed, Freelancer hereby automatically, upon Freelancer’s receipt of payment from Client, unconditionally and irrevocably waives the enforcement of such rights, and all claims and causes of action of any kind against Client or related to Client’s customers, with respect to such rights, and will, at Client’s request and expense, consent to and join in any action to enforce such rights. If payment is made only for partial delivery of Work Product, the grant described herein applies only to the portion of Work Product delivered. 6.7 ASSISTANCE Freelancer will assist Client in every way, including by signing any documents or instruments reasonably required, both during and after the term of the Service Contract, to obtain and enforce Intellectual Property Rights relating to Work Product in all countries. In the event Client is unable, after reasonable effort, to secure Freelancer’s signature on any document needed in connection with the foregoing, Freelancer hereby designates and appoints Client and its duly authorized officers and agents as its agent and attorney in fact to act on its behalf to further the purposes of this Section with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Freelancer. 7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 7.1 CONFIDENTIALITY To the extent a Client or Freelancer provides Confidential Information to the other, the recipient will protect the secrecy of the discloser’s Confidential Information with the same degree of care as it uses to protect its own Confidential Information, but in no event with less than due care, and will: (a) not disclose or permit others to disclose another’s Confidential Information to anyone without first obtaining the express written consent of the owner of the Confidential Information; (b) not use or permit the use of another’s Confidential Information, except as necessary for the performance of Freelancer Services (including, without limitation, the storage or transmission of Confidential Information on or through the Site for use by Freelancer); and (c) limit access to another’s Confidential Information to its personnel who need to know such information for the performance of Freelancer Services. 7.2 RETURN If and when Confidential Information is no longer needed for the performance of the Freelancer Services for a Services Contract or at Client’s or Freelancer’s written request (which may be made at any time at Client’s or Freelancer’s sole discretion), the party that received Confidential Information, will, at its expense, promptly destroy or return the disclosing party’s Confidential Information and any copies thereof contained in or on its premises, systems, or any other equipment otherwise under its control. The party that received Confidential Information agrees to provide written certification to the party disclosing the Confidential Information of compliance with this subsection within ten days after the receipt of disclosing party’s written request for such certification. 7.3 PUBLICATION Without limiting Section 7 (Confidentiality), Client and Freelancer will not publish, or cause to be published, any other party’s Confidential Information or Work Product, except as may be necessary for performance of Freelancer Services for a Services Contract. 7.4 IMMUNITY A disclosure of information will be immune from prosecution or civil action under the Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1832, if it: (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 8. DEFINITIONS The following capitalized terms have the following meanings: “Background Technology” means all Inventions developed by Freelancer other than in the course of providing Freelancer Services to Client under the Service Contract and all Inventions that Freelancer incorporates into Work Product. “Client” means any person who entered into a Service Contract to obtain Freelancer Services from a Freelancer. “Client Deliverables” means requests, intellectual property, and any other information or materials that a Freelancer receives from a Client to perform Freelancer Services. “Client Materials” means requests, intellectual property, and any other information or materials that Client provides to Freelancer for Freelancer to perform Freelancer Services. “Confidential Information” means Client Deliverables, Freelancer Deliverables, Work Product, and any other information provided to, or created by, a User for a Service Contract or to perform or assist in performing Freelancer Services, regardless of whether in tangible, electronic, verbal, graphic, visual, or other form. Confidential Information does not include material or information that is known to the public or that: (a) is generally known by third parties as a result of no act or omission of Freelancer or Client; (b) subsequent to disclosure hereunder, was lawfully received without restriction on disclosure from a third party having the right to disseminate the information; (c) was already known by User prior to receiving it from the other party and was not received from a third party in breach of that third party’s obligations of confidentiality; or (d) was independently developed by User without use of another person’s Confidential Information. “Engagement” means an engagement for Freelancer Services that a Freelancer provides to a Client under a Service Contract on the Site. “Escrow Instructions” means the Fixed-Price Escrow Instructions or the Hourly, Bonus and Expense Payment Agreement with Escrow Instructions. “Fixed-Price Contract” means a Service Contract for which Client is charged a fixed fee agreed between a Client and a Freelancer, prior to the commencement of a Service Contract, for the completion of all Freelancer Services contracted by Client for such Service Contract. “Freelancer” means any person who entered into a Service Contract to perform Freelancer services for a Client. “Freelancer Deliverables” means requests, intellectual property, and any other information or materials that a Client receives from a Freelancer for a particular Service Contract. “Freelancer Fees” means: (a) for an Hourly Contract, an amount equal to the number of hours recorded by Freelancer in any Hourly Invoice, multiplied by the hourly rate set by the Freelancer; (b) for a Fixed-Price Contract, the fixed fee agreed between a Client and a Freelancer; and (c) any bonuses or other payments made by a Client. “Freelancer Services” means all services performed for or delivered to Clients by Freelancers. “Hourly Contract” means a Service Contract for which Client is charged based on the hourly rate set by the Freelancer. “Hourly Invoice” means the report of hours recorded for a stated period by a Freelancer for the Freelancer Services performed for a Client. “Intellectual Property Rights” means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any state, country, territory or other jurisdiction. “Invention” means any ideas, concepts, information, materials, processes, data, programs, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, artwork, formulae, other copyrightable works, and techniques and all Intellectual Property Rights therein. “Service Contract” means, as applicable, (a) the contractual provisions between a Client and a Freelancer governing the Freelancer Services to be performed by a Freelancer for Client for an Engagement; or (b) if you use Upwork Payroll, the contractual provisions between Freelancer and the Staffing Provider for the provision of services to Client. “Work Product” means any tangible or intangible results or deliverables that Freelancer agrees to create for, or actually delivers to, Client as a result of performing the Freelancer Services, including, but not limited to, configurations, computer programs, or other information, or customized hardware, and any intellectual property developed in connection therewith.  If Freelancer has any right to the Work Product, including without limitation any Intellectual Property Right, that cannot be assigned to Client by Freelancer, Freelancer hereby automatically, upon Freelancer’s receipt of full payment from Client, unconditionally and irrevocably grants to Client during the term of such rights, an exclusive, even as to Freelancer, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, fully-paid and royalty-free license to such rights, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make, use, sell, import, offer for sale and exercise any and all such rights. If Freelancer has any rights to such Work Product that cannot be assigned or licensed, Freelancer hereby automatically, upon Freelancer’s receipt of payment from Client, unconditionally and irrevocably waives the enforcement of such rights, and all claims and causes of action of any kind against Client or related to Client’s customers, with respect to such rights, and will, at Client’s request and expense, consent to and join in any action to enforce such rights. If payment is made only for partial delivery of Work Product, the grant described herein applies only to the portion of Work Product delivered. 6.7 ASSISTANCE Freelancer will assist Client in every way, including by signing any documents or instruments reasonably required, both during and after the term of the Service Contract, to obtain and enforce Intellectual Property Rights relating to Work Product in all countries. In the event Client is unable, after reasonable effort, to secure Freelancer’s signature on any document needed in connection with the foregoing, Freelancer hereby designates and appoints Client and its duly authorized officers and agents as its agent and attorney in fact to act on its behalf to further the purposes of this Section with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Freelancer. 7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 7.1 CONFIDENTIALITY To the extent a Client or Freelancer provides Confidential Information to the other, the recipient will protect the secrecy of the discloser’s Confidential Information with the same degree of care as it uses to protect its own Confidential Information, but in no event with less than due care, and will: (a) not disclose or permit others to disclose another’s Confidential Information to anyone without first obtaining the express written consent of the owner of the Confidential Information; (b) not use or permit the use of another’s Confidential Information, except as necessary for the performance of Freelancer Services (including, without limitation, the storage or transmission of Confidential Information on or through the Site for use by Freelancer); and (c) limit access to another’s Confidential Information to its personnel who need to know such information for the performance of Freelancer Services. 7.2 RETURN If and when Confidential Information is no longer needed for the performance of the Freelancer Services for a Services Contract or at Client’s or Freelancer’s written request (which may be made at any time at Client’s or Freelancer’s sole discretion), the party that received Confidential Information, will, at its expense, promptly destroy or return the disclosing party’s Confidential Information and any copies thereof contained in or on its premises, systems, or any other equipment otherwise under its control. The party that received Confidential Information agrees to provide written certification to the party disclosing the Confidential Information of compliance with this subsection within ten days after the receipt of disclosing party’s written request for such certification. 7.3 PUBLICATION Without limiting Section 7 (Confidentiality), Client and Freelancer will not publish, or cause to be published, any other party’s Confidential Information or Work Product, except as may be necessary for performance of Freelancer Services for a Services Contract. 7.4 IMMUNITY A disclosure of information will be immune from prosecution or civil action under the Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1832, if it: (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 8. DEFINITIONS The following capitalized terms have the following meanings: “Background Technology” means all Inventions developed by Freelancer other than in the course of providing Freelancer Services to Client under the Service Contract and all Inventions that Freelancer incorporates into Work Product. “Client” means any person who entered into a Service Contract to obtain Freelancer Services from a Freelancer. “Client Deliverables” means requests, intellectual property, and any other information or materials that a Freelancer receives from a Client to perform Freelancer Services. “Client Materials” means requests, intellectual property, and any other information or materials that Client provides to Freelancer for Freelancer to perform Freelancer Services. “Confidential Information” means Client Deliverables, Freelancer Deliverables, Work Product, and any other information provided to, or created by, a User for a Service Contract or to perform or assist in performing Freelancer Services, regardless of whether in tangible, electronic, verbal, graphic, visual, or other form. Confidential Information does not include material or information that is known to the public or that: (a) is generally known by third parties as a result of no act or omission of Freelancer or Client; (b) subsequent to disclosure hereunder, was lawfully received without restriction on disclosure from a third party having the right to disseminate the information; (c) was already known by User prior to receiving it from the other party and was not received from a third party in breach of that third party’s obligations of confidentiality; or (d) was independently developed by User without use of another person’s Confidential Information. “Engagement” means an engagement for Freelancer Services that a Freelancer provides to a Client under a Service Contract on the Site. “Escrow Instructions” means the Fixed-Price Escrow Instructions or the Hourly, Bonus and Expense Payment Agreement with Escrow Instructions. “Fixed-Price Contract” means a Service Contract for which Client is charged a fixed fee agreed between a Client and a Freelancer, prior to the commencement of a Service Contract, for the completion of all Freelancer Services contracted by Client for such Service Contract. “Freelancer” means any person who entered into a Service Contract to perform Freelancer services for a Client. “Freelancer Deliverables” means requests, intellectual property, and any other information or materials that a Client receives from a Freelancer for a particular Service Contract. “Freelancer Fees” means: (a) for an Hourly Contract, an amount equal to the number of hours recorded by Freelancer in any Hourly Invoice, multiplied by the hourly rate set by the Freelancer; (b) for a Fixed-Price Contract, the fixed fee agreed between a Client and a Freelancer; and (c) any bonuses or other payments made by a Client. “Freelancer Services” means all services performed for or delivered to Clients by Freelancers. “Hourly Contract” means a Service Contract for which Client is charged based on the hourly rate set by the Freelancer. “Hourly Invoice” means the report of hours recorded for a stated period by a Freelancer for the Freelancer Services performed for a Client. “Intellectual Property Rights” means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any state, country, territory or other jurisdiction. “Invention” means any ideas, concepts, information, materials, processes, data, programs, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, artwork, formulae, other copyrightable works, and techniques and all Intellectual Property Rights therein. “Service Contract” means, as applicable, (a) the contractual provisions between a Client and a Freelancer governing the Freelancer Services to be performed by a Freelancer for Client for an Engagement; or (b) if you use Upwork Payroll, the contractual provisions between Freelancer and the Staffing Provider for the provision of services to Client. “Work Product” means any tangible or intangible results or deliverables that Freelancer agrees to create for, or actually delivers to, Client as a result of performing the Freelancer Services, including, but not limited to, configurations, computer programs, or other information, or customized hardware, and any intellectual property developed in connection therewith.   Version 1.2  5.1Definition ofInventions and Intellectual Property Rights. “Invention” means any copyrightable material, notes, records, ideas, concepts, information, materials, processes, data, programs, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, artwork, formulae, techniques, or trade secrets conceived, authored, discovered, invented, developed or reduced to practice by Freelancer, solely or in collaboration with others, during the term of this Agreement, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein. “Intellectual Property Rights” means all trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, mask work rights, patents, moral rights, and other intellectual property rights recognized by the laws of any country. 5.2Definition of use of Background Technology. As used in this Agreement, the term “Background Technology” means all Inventions developed by Freelancer other than in the course of providing services hereunder and all Inventions acquired or licensed by Freelancer that Freelancer uses in performing services under this Agreement or incorporates in the Work Product. Freelancer will disclose in advance in writing to the Upwork Client and in the Project Terms any Background Technology that Freelancer proposes to incorporate into Work Product or upon which use or distribution of the Work Product will depend. The Upwork Client will have the right to reject the use or incorporation of such Background Technology in the Upwork Client’s sole and absolute discretion. If Freelancer discloses no Background Technology, Freelancer warrants that it will not incorporate any Background Technology into Work Product. Freelancer will separately provide, with each delivery of Work Product to the Upwork Client, a third-party bill of materials that identifies all Background Technology and other third-party materials that have been incorporated into the Work Product and will provide, for each item of Background Technology identified, (a) the name and any associated version number (b) the applicable license or licensing terms, (c) whether the item has been modified by Freelancer, and (d) how the item has been incorporated into, is used by, or is relied upon by the Work Product. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise agreed in the Project Terms, Freelancer agrees that it will not incorporate into Work Product or otherwise deliver to the Upwork Client any software code for which the use or distribution of the code will create (or purport to create) obligations for the Upwork Client to grant any rights or immunities under the Upwork Client’s Intellectual Property Rights to a third party, including, without limitation, any obligation that the Work Product or the Upwork Client software combined with, derived from, or distributed with such Work Product (x) be disclosed or distributed in source code form, (y) be licensed for the purpose of making derivative works, or (z) be redistributable at no charge. 5.3Ownership and Assignment of Work Product. Upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG, Freelancer hereby unconditionally and irrevocably assigns to the Upwork Client, without further consideration, all right, title and interest worldwide in and to all Work Product, including without limitation all Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Work Product. Except as set forth below, Freelancer retains no rights to use the Work Product and agrees not to challenge the validity of the Upwork Client’s exclusive rights in and ownership of the Work Product, including without limitation all Intellectual Property Rights therein. Freelancer hereby waives unconditionally and irrevocably for the benefit of the Upwork Client and its successors and assigns, without further consideration, any and all moral or similar rights in or to any Work Product (including without limitation, any rights of identification of authorship; any rights of approval; or restrictions or limitations on use, subsequent modification or development of derivative works) in which copyright may subsist in each jurisdiction throughout the world, to the extent that such rights may be waived in each respective jurisdiction. Freelancer agrees to, at the request of the Upwork Client and without any right to further consideration, sign all lawful papers, make all rightful oaths and execute all divisional, continuing, continuation-in-part or reissue applications, all assignments, all registration applications and all other instruments or papers, to carry into full force and effect, the assignment hereby made or intended to be made and generally do everything necessary or helpful for title to the Work Product, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to be clearly and exclusively owned and held by the Upwork Client. Freelancer hereby grants to the Upwork Client a power of attorney to execute any of the aforementioned documents on Freelancer’s behalf in order to give effect to the assignment hereby made. 5.4License to Background Technology. Freelancer hereby automatically upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG, and without further consideration, grants to the Upwork Client a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully-paid and royalty-free, irrevocable, non-terminable and world-wide right, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels or tiers of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make, have made, use, sell, import, offer for sale, and exercise any and all present or future rights in the Background Technology incorporated or used in the Work Product. 5.5 License to or Waiver of Other Rights. If Freelancer has any right to the Work Product that cannot be assigned by Freelancer to the Upwork Client, Freelancer hereby automatically upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG unconditionally and irrevocably grants to the Upwork Client, without further consideration and during the term of such rights, an exclusive, even as to Freelancer, irrevocable, perpetual, non-terminable, worldwide, fully paid up and royalty-free license, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels or tiers of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make, have made, use, sell, import, offer for sale and exercise any and all such rights. If Freelancer has any rights to the Work Product that cannot be assigned or licensed to the Upwork Client, Freelancer hereby automatically upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG unconditionally and irrevocably, without further consideration, waives the enforcement of such rights around the world, and all claims and causes of action of any kind against the Upwork Client, its successors and assigns, or related to the Upwork Client’s customers, with respect to such rights, and agrees, at UTG or the Upwork Client’s request and expense, to consent to and join in any action to enforce such rights. 5.6 Assistance. Freelancer agrees to, at the request of the Upwork Client and without any right to further consideration, to assist the Upwork Client in every way, during and after the term of this Agreement, to obtain and enforce United States and foreign Intellectual Property Rights relating to the Work Product, in all countries, including to sign all lawful papers, make all rightful oaths and execute all divisional, continuing, continuation-in-part or reissue applications, all assignments, all registration applications and all other instruments or papers, to carry into full force and effect the assignment hereby made or intended to be made and generally do everything necessary or helpful for title to the Work Product, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to be clearly and exclusively owned and held by the Upwork Client, including testifying in a suit or other proceeding regarding such Inventions. Freelancer hereby grants to the Upwork Client a power of attorney to execute any of the aforementioned documents on Freelancer’s behalf in order to give effect to the assignment hereby made. This power of attorney shall be deemed coupled with an interest, and shall be irrevocable. Freelancer further agrees that Freelancer’s obligations under this Section 5.6 shall continue after termination of this Agreement. 6. CONFLICTING PROJECTS. UTG and the Upwork Client acknowledge that Freelancer may enter into other contracts and accept work from any other persons or entities during the term of this Agreement; however, Freelancer agrees not to enter into a contract or accept an obligation that would conflict with the provisions of this Agreement or prevent Freelancer from meeting its obligations under this Agreement. Freelancer represents and warrants that there is no such contract or obligation in effect as of the Effective Date. Freelancer further agrees not to disclose to, deliver to, or induce UTG or the Upwork Client to use any confidential information that belongs to anyone other than UTG, the Upwork Client or Freelancer. 7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF THE UPWORK CLIENT. Freelancer agrees that during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, except as expressly authorized in writing by the Upwork Client, Freelancer (a) will not use or permit the use of Client Confidential Information (defined below) in any manner or for any purpose not expressly set forth in this Agreement; (b) will not disclose, lecture upon, publish, or permit others to disclose, lecture upon, or publish any such Client Confidential Information to any third party without first obtaining the Upwork Client’s express written consent on a case-by-case basis; (c) will limit access to Client Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who need to know such information in connection with the Project and who are likewise bound by non-use and non-disclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this section; and (d) will not remove any tangible embodiment of any Client Confidential Information from the Upwork Client’s premises without the Upwork Client’s prior written consent. “Client Confidential Information” means and includes, but is not limited to, all Work Product and all non-public information related to the business of the Upwork Client or any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors and the actual or anticipated research and development of the Upwork Client or any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, including without limitation (i) trade secrets, inventions, ideas, processes, computer source and object code, formulae, data, databases, programs, other works of authorship, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, and techniques; (ii) information regarding products or plans for research and development, marketing and business plans, budgets, financial statements, contracts, prices, suppliers, and customers; (iii) information regarding the skills and compensation of the Upwork Client’s employees, contractors, and any other Freelancers; (iv) the existence of any business discussions, negotiations, or agreements between the Upwork Client and any third party; and (v) all such information related to any third party that is disclosed during the course of the Project. Confidential Information will not include any such information which Freelancer can establish (x) was publicly known or made generally available prior to the time of disclosure to Freelancer; (y) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure to Freelancer through no wrongful action or inaction of Freelancer; or (z) is in the rightful possession of Freelancer, without confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure as shown by Freelancer’s then-contemporaneous written records; provided that any combination of individual items of information shall not be deemed to be within any of the foregoing exceptions merely because one or more of the individual items are within such exception, unless the combination as a whole is within such exception. To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements inExhibit 1, and will ensure Freelancer Personnel comply with such requirements, for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws. 8. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF UTG. Freelancer agrees that during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, except as expressly authorized in writing by UTG, it (a) will not use or permit the use of UTG Confidential Information (defined below) in any manner or for any purpose not expressly set forth in this Agreement; (b) will not disclose, lecture upon, publish, or permit others to disclose, lecture upon, or publish any such UTG Confidential Information to any third party without first obtaining UTG’s express written consent on a case-by-case basis; (c) will limit access to UTG Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who need to know such information in connection with their work for UTG and who are likewise bound by non-use and non-disclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this section; and (d) will not remove any tangible embodiment of any UTG Confidential Information from UTG’s premises without UTG’s prior written consent. “UTG Confidential Information” means and includes, but is not limited to, all non-public information related to UTG’s and/or its affiliates’, subsidiaries’, or parent company’s business and its/their actual or anticipated research and development, including without limitation (i) trade secrets, inventions, ideas, processes, computer source and object code, formulae, data, databases programs, other works of authorship, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, and techniques; (ii) information regarding products or plans for research and development, marketing and business plans, budgets, financial statements, contracts, prices, suppliers, and customers; (iii) information regarding the skills and compensation of UTG’s, its affiliates’, subsidiaries’, or parent company’s employees, contractors, and any other Freelancers; (iv) the existence of any business discussions, negotiations, or agreements between UTG, its affiliates, subsidiaries, or parent company, and any third party; and (v) all such information related to any third party that is disclosed during the course of the Project. Confidential Information will not include any such information which Freelancer can establish (x) was publicly known or made generally available prior to the time of disclosure to Freelancer; (y) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure to Freelancer through no wrongful action or inaction of Freelancer; or (z) is in the rightful possession of Freelancer, without confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure as shown by Freelancer’s then-contemporaneous written records; provided that any combination of individual items of information shall not be deemed to be within any of the foregoing exceptions merely because one or more of the individual items are within such exception, unless the combination as a whole is within such exception.To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements inExhibit 1, and will ensure Freelancer Personnel comply with such requirements, for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws. Immunity for Certain Disclosures.As set forth in the U.S. Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. section 1833, please note that a disclosure of trade secrets or other Confidential Information is immune from prosecution or civil action under U.S. Federal or State trade secret law if the disclosure (a) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Provision Applicable to New York City.Nothing in this Agreement, including but not limited to its provisions relating to confidentiality, prohibits (or should be construed as prohibiting) any Freelancer residing in, or engaged to provide services in, New York City under this Agreement from disclosing the terms of this Agreement to the Director of the Office of Labor Standards. 9. FREELANCER’S AGENTS AND SUBCONTRACTORS. Freelancer is free to rely on its employees or subcontractors to assist with performance of services under this Agreement.If at any time Freelancer has any employee, independent contractor or other person or entity performing work on Freelancer’s behalf in connection with the Project, however, Freelancer agrees Freelancer remains responsible for the quality of the Work Product and agrees to the following representations and obligations: 9.1Projectand Performance of Services. a.Work Product Ownership, Confidential Information and Other Contractual Provisions. Before any employee, independent contractor or other person or entity employed or engaged by Freelancer (collectively, “Freelancer Personnel”) performs any services in connection with the Project or has access to any Client Confidential Information or UTG Confidential Information, Freelancer will enter into a binding written agreement with such Freelancer Personnel that (i) contains provisions with the same effect as the Agreement sections titled “Intellectual Property Rights,” “Confidential Information of Upwork Client” and “Confidential Information of UTG”; and (ii) specifies that Freelancer Personnel do not have any employment relationship with Upwork Client or UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors and are not entitled to or eligible for any benefits that Upwork Client or UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors may make available to any of their respective employees. In addition, Freelancer will limit access to Client Confidential Information and UTG Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who have a reasonable need to have such access in order to perform services for the Project. b.Freelancer Personnel Not Employed by Upwork Client or UTG.Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that Freelancer Personnel are not engaged by, supervised by, directed by or assigned work by Upwork Client, UTG, or any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. Freelancer further acknowledges and agrees that neither Upwork Client nor UTG determine or control, or have the right to determine or control, any terms and conditions of employment or engagement of any Freelancer Personnel, including without limitation their selection, hiring, work assignment, work hours, compensation, work methods, discipline, working conditions, or termination. For the avoidance of doubt, Freelancer Personnel are not employees of Upwork Client or UTG or any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. Freelancer will be fully responsible for the acts, work and safety of Freelancer Personnel at all times. c. Freelancer Personnel Compensation, Taxes and Benefits.In accordance with all applicable law, Freelancer will be solely responsible for determining and paying all compensation of Freelancer Personnel and will be solely responsible for and pay any taxes, contributions and/or benefits owed to or on behalf of Freelancer Personnel. Neither Upwork Client nor UTG nor any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates will be liable to Freelancer or to Freelancer Personnel for Freelancer’s failure to perform Freelancer’s compensation, tax or benefit obligations with respect to Freelancer Personnel. Freelancer will indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client and UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors harmless from and against all such taxes, contributions and benefits and will comply with all associated governmental regulations, including the filing of all necessary reports and tax returns. d. Background Screening of Freelancer Personnel.If requested by UTG or Upwork Client and permitted by applicable law, Freelancer will conduct reasonable background screening measures with respect to Freelancer Personnel (the “Screenings”) and will be responsible for all costs and fees relating to such Screenings. Freelancer will conduct Screenings in accordance with applicable laws and will obtain written authorization from Freelancer Personnel to share the results of such screening with Upwork Client and/or UTG upon request. e. Work Diary. Freelancer agrees to record and invoice through Work Diary on the Site all work performed by any Freelancer Personnel for Projects performed on a time and material or hourly basis under this Agreement.Freelancer acknowledges that UTG has no obligation to pay Freelancer, and may not approve payment of Freelancer, for time spent on hourly Projects that is not recorded in the Work Diary. 9.2 Freelancer Responsible for Freelancer Personnel. a. Employees.With respect to Freelancer Personnel,Freelancer is solely responsible for and will comply with all applicable employment laws, including without limitation laws governing workers’ compensation, unemployment and disability insurance, health insurance and other employee benefits, wage and hour, employment discrimination and harassment, leaves of absence, and health and safety. Freelancer is responsible for providing meal and rest breaks to employees in accordance with any applicable laws and for complying with all paycheck requirements. If applicable, Freelancer will also comply with all licensing and other regulatory steps necessary to employ workers. Freelancer assumes full responsibility for any claims brought by, on behalf of or in connection with Freelancer’s employees (or other Freelancer Personnel alleging they are or should have been classified as employees) and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors harmless from and against any such claims. b. Independent Contractors.With respect to Freelancer Personnel, Freelancer is solely responsible for properly classifying and engaging any Freelancer Personnel as independent contractors or as its employees and will comply with all applicable laws defining or governing the independent contractor or employment relationship. Freelancer warrants and represents that any Freelancer Personnel treated as an independent contractor is properly classified and assumes full responsibility for any claims brought by, on behalf of or in connection with Freelancer Personnel working as independent contractors and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors harmless from and against any such claims. 9.3 Intellectual Property Rights. Freelancer agrees that all copyrightable material, notes, records, drawings, designs, inventions, improvements, developments, discoveries and trade secrets conceived, discovered, developed or reduced to practice by Freelancer Personnel, solely or in collaboration with others, during the term of this Agreement that relate in any manner to the business of Upwork Client will belong exclusively to Upwork Client. Freelancer will ensure that Freelancer Personnel execute appropriate agreements with Freelancer to confirm such ownership, narrowed if and to the extent required by applicable law to be enforceable in the applicable jurisdiction, and to confirm that Freelancer Personnel will not challenge the validity of Upwork Client’s ownership in Work Product, including without limitation the Intellectual Property Rights in Work Product. 9.4 Indemnification. In addition to the indemnification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, Freelancer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless UTG, Upwork Client and each of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors, individually and collectively, against any damage, cost, loss or expense arising from any claim, suit, proceeding, investigation, government inquiry or other action brought against UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors (a) alleging that any Freelancer Personnel is an employee of UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors or (b) arising out of the failure (whether negligent, willful, intentional, or unintended in cases of strict liability) of Freelancer to comply with this Agreement or any applicable law or regulation. 10. FREELANCER’S COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Freelancer hereby covenants, represents and warrants to UTG and to Upwork Client that (a) Freelancer will perform the services necessary to perform the Project in a timely and professional manner, consistent with industry standards, and all in accordance with this Agreement; (b) except any pre-approved Background Technology used or incorporated as part of the Work Product, the Work Product will be an original work of Freelancer and any third parties will have executed assignment of rights prior to being allowed to participate in the development of the Work Product; (c) the Work Product will fully conform to the requirements and terms set forth in this Agreement, including any Project Terms; (d) the Work Product will be free from material errors, faults and defects of any kind; (e) the Work Product will not contain any virus, Trojan horse, malicious code, trap door, time bomb, or shutdown mechanism, or any other software code or functionality that will “lock” or prevent the use of or access to the Work Product or otherwise cause the Work Product to cease functioning, or which is otherwise designed to harm any systems, servers, computers or websites of Upwork Client, UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors; (f) neither the Work Product nor any element thereof does or will infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; (g) neither the Work Product nor any element thereof will be subject to any restrictions or to any mortgages, liens, pledges, security interests, or encumbrances; (h) Freelancer will not grant, directly or indirectly, any rights or interest whatsoever in the Work Product to third parties other than the Upwork Client; (i) Freelancer has full right and power to enter into and perform this Agreement without the consent of any third party; (j) Freelancer has an unqualified right to grant the license to all Background Technology as set forth in the section titled “License to Background Technology”; (k) if Freelancer is required to possess or maintain any license, registration, or other authorization necessary to provide the Work Product or to provide independent contractor services under this Agreement, then it possess such a license, registration, or other authorization and will maintain such license, registration, or other authorization during the term of this Agreement; (l) Freelancer will not use or incorporate as part of the Work Product any Open Source Code other than as expressly authorized in this Agreement; (m) Freelancer will promptly update changes to Freelancer’s contact information as outlined in the Terms of Service; and (n) Freelancer will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to Freelancer’s obligations under this Agreement. 11. UTG DISCLAIMER; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 11.1 Disclaimer. UTG MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PROJECT, THE PROJECT TERMS, OR IN CONNECTION WITH UTG’S PERFORMANCE OF ITS OBLIGATIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES HEREUNDER, AND FREELANCER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE SAME ARE BEING PROVIDED OR PERFORMED HEREUNDER “AS IS” AND WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. UTG HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, WRITTEN, ORAL OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, AND/OR VALIDITY. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. 11.2 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL UTG, UPWORK CLIENT OR ANY OF THEIR PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OR SUCCESSORS BE LIABLE TO FREELANCER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS), EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF THEY WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY UNDER WHICH ANY SUCH DAMAGES ARE SOUGHT. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. 12. INDEMNIFICATION. Freelancer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, individually and collectively, against any and all damage, cost, loss or expense arising from any claim, suit or proceeding, actual or alleged, brought or asserted against UTG, Upwork Client and/or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors (a) alleging that any Work Product that Freelancer delivers pursuant to this Agreement or the Project infringes upon any intellectual property rights; (b) alleging that any Work Product that Freelancer delivers pursuant to this Agreement or the Project misappropriates any trade secrets of UTG, Upwork Client and any of their parents and affiliates, or any third party; (c) arising from or related to Freelancer’s breach of any representation or warranty; (d) arising from or related to Freelancer’s failure to pay any taxes or fees due as a result of Freelancer’s work under this Agreement; (e) arising from or related to Freelancer’s or Freelancer’s personnel’s failure to comply with any applicable law or regulation; or (f) arising from or related to Freelancer’s breach of any other terms of this Agreement. 13. INSURANCE. Freelancer, at its sole cost and expense, will maintain appropriate insurance in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations and in no event less than industry standards, including but not limited to unemployment and workers’ compensation insurance. Upon request, Freelancer will furnish proof of insurance in a form acceptable to UTG and the Upwork Client. 14.TERM AND TERMINATION. 14.1 Term. The term of this Agreement (the “Term”) will begin on the Effective Date and will terminate on the first to occur of: (a) the end date in the Project Terms; or (b) the date that the Project is fully completed and thus closed on the Site. 14.2 Termination with Cause. Either Party has the right to terminate this Agreement immediately in the event that the other Party has materially breached the Agreement and fails to cure such breach within 15 calendar days of receipt of notice by the non-breaching Party, setting forth in reasonable detail the nature of the breach. UTG may also terminate this Agreement immediately, in writing, in its sole discretion in the event of Freelancer’s material breach of section 5, 6, 7, 8 or 9 (including subsections), or if Freelancer engages in unlawful activities while rendering the services specified in the Project. 14.3 Return of Property. Upon termination of the Agreement or upon UTG’s or Upwork Client’s request at any other time, Freelancer will deliver to UTG or Upwork Client, as applicable, all of UTG’s or the Upwork Client’s property together with all copies thereof and any other documents or materials that contain any Work Product, Client Confidential Information or UTG Confidential Information. 14.4 Survival. The following provisions will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason: sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14.3, 14.4, 15, and 16, each including subsections. For the avoidance of doubt, Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that the license rights and other rights granted by Freelancer in section 5 above are perpetual in nature and will continue in perpetuity notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement, regardless of the cause, and the expiration or termination of this Agreement will not affect, limit, or otherwise impair such rights. 15. DISPUTES; ARBITRATION PROVISION. 15.1 Dispute Process. The Parties agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy that arises out of or relates to (a) this Agreement, (b) Freelancer’s relationship with or work or UTG, the Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors (each of which are express third-party beneficiaries of this Arbitration Provision), including without limitation any claimed employment, or the termination of any relationship referred to in this Agreement, and/or (c) the Site or the Site Services (each, a “Claim”) in accordance with this section 15 (sometimes referred to as “Arbitration Provision”). 15.2 Informal Dispute Resolution. Before serving a demand for arbitration of a Claim, or otherwise seeking relief for any Claim, Freelancer and UTG agree to first notify the other Party or Parties (the “Notice”). The Parties will then seek informal resolution of the Claim. The Notice must be in writing and include Freelancer’s name, pertinent account information, a brief description of the Claim, and the drafting Party’s contact information, so that the receiving Party may evaluate and attempt to informally resolve the Claim. The receiving Party will have 60 calendar days from the date of its receipt of the Notice to informally resolve the Claim, which, if successful, will avoid the need for further action. Notice to UTG of the Claim will be sent to Upwork Global Inc. Headquarters as listed on its Site (https://www.upwork.com/about/contact/), Attn: Legal orlegalnotices@upwork.com. Notice to the Upwork Client will be made through any means by which Freelancer communicates with the Upwork Client about the Work Product. Notice to Freelancer will be provided to the most current physical or email address on the Site. 15.3 Binding Arbitration and Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver (Does Not Apply to Freelancers Located Outside the United States and Its Territories). This Arbitration Provision applies to all Freelancers except Freelancers located outside of the United States and its territories. In the unlikely event the Parties are unable to resolve a Claim within 60 calendar days of the receipt of the applicable Notice, Freelancer, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, and Upwork Client and any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors agree to resolve the Claim by final and binding arbitration before an arbitrator from JAMS. JAMS may be contacted atwww.jamsadr.com.If for any reason JAMS will not administer the arbitration, either Party may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction with authority over the location where the arbitration will be conducted for appointment of a neutral arbitrator. a. Scope of Arbitration Agreement and Conduct of Arbitration Arbitration as provided in this Arbitration Provision is governed by the United States Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1et seq.).  This Arbitration Provision applies to any and all Claims (as defined in section 15.1). For the avoidance of doubt, Claims include, but are not limited to, all claims, disputes, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Project, the Terms of Service, escrow payments or agreements, any payments or monies Freelancer claims are due, trade secrets, unfair competition, false advertising, consumer protection, privacy, compensation, worker classification, minimum wage, seating, expense reimbursement, overtime, breaks and rest periods, termination, retaliation, discrimination or harassment and all claims arising under the Defend Trade Secrets Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. §1981, the Rehabilitation Act, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, the Equal Pay Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Affordable Care Act, the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act, the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, all state statutes or regulations addressing the same or similar subject matters, and all other federal, state or local legal claims arising out of or relating to Freelancer’s relationship with or work for UTG or the Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors and/or the termination of that relationship. The Upwork Client is an express third party beneficiary and may enforce the agreement to the full extent as though it were a signatory. Disputes between the parties that may not be subject to a pre-dispute arbitration agreement as provided by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-203) or as provided by an Act of Congress or lawful, enforceable Executive Order, are excluded from the coverage of this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein, arbitration will be conducted in Santa Clara County, California in accordance with the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures under the Optional Expedited Arbitration Procedures then in effect for JAMS.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Claims by Freelancers that allege employment or worker classification disputes will be conducted within 25 miles of where Freelancer is located in accordance with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures then in effect.  The JAMS arbitration rules may be found atwww.jamsadr.comor by searching online for “JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures” or “JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules.”  The Parties agree that any Party will have the right to appear at the arbitration by telephone and/or video rather than in person. The Parties will follow the applicable JAMS rules with respect to arbitration fees.  In any arbitration under the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures, Freelancer will pay JAMS arbitration fees only to the extent those fees are no greater than the filing or initial appearance fees applicable to court actions in the jurisdiction where the arbitration will be conducted, with UTG to make up the difference, if any.  The arbitrator must follow applicable law and may award only those remedies that would have applied had the matter been heard in court.  Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator’s decision in any court having jurisdiction. This Arbitration Provision does not apply to litigation to which Freelancer is a party that is or was already pending in a state or federal court or arbitration before the Effective Date.  This Arbitration Provision also does not apply to claims for workers compensation, state disability insurance or unemployment insurance benefits.  Either Freelancer or UTG may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for provisional injunctive relief in connection with an arbitrable controversy, but only upon the ground that the award to which that party may be entitled may be rendered ineffectual without such relief; the arbitrator will render the final judgment in the matter. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents Freelancer from making a report to or filing a claim or charge with a government agency, including without limitation the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, U.S. Department of Labor, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, National Labor Relations Board, or Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents the investigation by a government agency of any report, claim or charge otherwise covered by this Arbitration Provision. This Arbitration Provision also does not prevent federal administrative agencies from adjudicating claims and awarding remedies based on those claims, even if the claims would otherwise be covered by this Arbitration Provision. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents or excuses a party from satisfying any conditions precedent and/or exhausting administrative remedies under applicable law before bringing a claim in arbitration. UTG will not retaliate against Freelancer for filing a claim with an administrative agency or for exercising rights (individually or in concert with others) under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. b. Interpretation and Enforcement of this Arbitration Provision This Arbitration Provision is the full and complete agreement relating to the formal resolution of Claims and replaces all prior agreements between Freelancer and UTG regarding the arbitration of disputes covered by this Arbitration Provision.  Except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, this Arbitration Provision covers, and the arbitrator will have exclusive jurisdiction to decide, all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, enforcement, or application of this Arbitration Provision, including, except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Provision or whether any portion of the Arbitration Provision is void or voidable.  All such matters will be decided by an arbitrator and not by a court. In the event any portion of this Arbitration Provision is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of this Arbitration Provision will be enforceable.  If any portion of the Class Action Waiver in subsection c, below, of this Arbitration Provision is deemed to be unenforceable, the Parties agree that this Arbitration Provision will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. c. Class and Collective Action Waiver Private attorney general representative actions under the California Labor Code are not arbitrable, not within the scope of this Arbitration Provision and may be maintained in a court of law. However, this Arbitration Provision affects the Parties’ ability to participate in class or collective actions. The Parties agree to bring any dispute in arbitration on an individual basis only, and not on a class or collective basis on behalf of others.  There will be no right or authority for any dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a class or collective action, or as a member in any such class or collective proceeding (“Class Action Waiver”). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or the JAMS Rules, disputes regarding the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity or breach of the Class Action Waiver may be resolved only by a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. In any case in which (1) the dispute is filed as a class or collective action and (2) there is a final judicial determination that all or part of the Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, the class or collective action to that extent must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction, but the portion of the Class Action Waiver that is enforceable shall be enforced in arbitration. Freelancer will not be retaliated against, disciplined or threatened with discipline as a result of exercising any rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act, if applicable, by filing or participating in a class or collective action in any forum. However, any Party may lawfully seek enforcement of this Arbitration Provision and the Class Action Waiver under the Federal Arbitration Act and seek dismissal of such class or collective actions or claims. d. Right to Opt Out of the Arbitration Provision. Freelancer may opt out of the Arbitration Provision by notifying UTG in writing within 30 calendar days of the Effective Date.To opt out, Freelancer must send a written notification to UTG to Upwork Global Inc. headquarters as listed on its Site (https://www.upwork.com/about/contact/), Attn: Legal orlegalnotices@upwork.comthat includes (a) Freelancer’s account username, (b) Freelancer’s name, (c) Freelancer’s address, (d) Freelancer’s telephone number, (e) Freelancer’s email address, and (f) a statement that Freelancer wishes to opt out of the Arbitration Provision. Freelancer understands that Freelancer has the right to consult with counsel of Freelancer’s choice concerning this Agreement and the Arbitration Provision. 16. GENERAL PROVISIONS 16.1Choice of Law. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Agreement and any Claims will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of law provisions and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG); provided, however, that any Claims by any Freelancer located within the United States will be governed by the law of the state in which such Freelancer resided at the time the Project was performed. 16.2 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Section 15.3(c) governs severability of the Class Action Waiver. 16.3 No Assignment. This Agreement, and the Parties’ respective rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned or otherwise transferred by either Party without the other’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void; provided, however, UTG may assign this Agreement, its rights and its obligations to an affiliate or to any successor to its business or assets to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, sale of assets, sale of stock, reorganization or otherwise. The terms of this Agreement will be binding upon assignees. 16.4 Injunctive Relief. Freelancer acknowledges that, because its services are personal and unique and because Freelancer will have access to Confidential Information of UTG and Upwork Client, any breach of this Agreement by Freelancer would cause irreparable injury to UTG or Upwork Client for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and, therefore, will entitle UTG or Upwork Client to injunctive relief (including specific performance). The rights and remedies provided to each Party in this Agreement are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies available to such Party at law or in equity not otherwise waived by this Agreement. 16.5 Waiver. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion. 16.6 Export. Freelancer agrees not to export, directly or indirectly, any U.S. technical data acquired from UTG, Upwork or Upwork Client, or any products utilizing such data, to countries outside the United States, because such export could be in violation of the United States export laws or regulations. 16.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matters hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between the Parties with respect to such subject matters. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, or any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by Freelancer and UTG. 16.8 Electronic Acceptance. The Parties expressly agree that this Agreement may be electronically signed and accepted, and that the Site’s record of Freelancer’s acceptance will be treated, for purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility, the same as written signatures. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT VIA THE SITE, FREELANCER HAS BOUND ITSELF TO THIS AGREEMENT AND CREATED AN AGREEMENT THAT IS ENFORCEABLE AGAINST ALL PARTIES. FREELANCER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT FREELANCER HAS BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN INDEPENDENT LEGAL ADVICE WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE ACCEPTING IT, AND THAT FREELANCER VOLUNTARILY AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING OF ITS TERMS.    EXHIBIT APrivacy and Information Security Exhibit  To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements in this Exhibit for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws regarding protection of Personal Information.  Freelancer is expected to be familiar with such laws and take whatever additional security measures may be warranted by the particular circumstances. Privacy Requirements 1. Personal Information:Freelancer will collect, store, transmit, disclose, process, destroy, or otherwise process Personal Information only (a) for purposes of providing the Services and as otherwise instructed by Upwork Client, (b) in accordance with this Exhibit 1, and (c) in compliance with applicable law.  In the event of any conflict between applicable law and this Exhibit 1, Freelancer will comply with applicable law.  Personal Information includes any information related to an identified or identifiable natural person where such information is protected under applicable data protection law. 2. Notification Of Security Incident:Freelancer will notify Upwork Client of any actual or suspected security incident involving Personal Information as soon as possible after becoming aware of the incident, but never later than 24 hours after learning of the incident.  Freelancer will cooperate with Upwork Client on any investigation of the security incident.  A “security incident” is a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Information transmitted, stored or otherwise processed. 3. Security Standards:Freelancer will utilize reasonable and physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect Personal Information and comply at all times with applicable laws concerning the protection and securing of Personal Information. For as long as Freelancer has access to Personal Information or to Upwork Client’s systems/networks, Freelancer will update security practices and controls at Freelancer’s own cost. 4. Malware Protection:Freelancer will use up-to-date, commercially reasonable virus protection software (i.e. anti-virus) for the duration of the Engagement. 5. Device and Software Management:Before the start of the Engagement and at all times while Freelancer accesses any Personal Information or Upwork Client’s systems/networks, Freelancer will: Use up-to-date software and firmware that includes any current patches and updates and that is configured to automatically update/patch;Use a firewall to protect Freelancer’s own information systems;Use strong, unique passwords of at least 8 characters (with a mix of letters, numbers, and special characters where possible) for access to devices and applications;Use password-activated screensavers to lock hardware or devices after a period of inactivity;Configure devices and applications to require new passwords at least every 90 days;Ensure that multiple failed login attempts (no more than 10) to devices and applications result in lockout (check security settings on applications); andDisable Bluetooth on devices (except when use is necessary). 6. Secure Practices: Freelancer will only connect to trusted, private wireless networks that use complex passwords not known or easily accessible to the public (e.g., not Starbucks).Freelancer will not share hardware or devices with other people (roommates, spouses, children, etc.) while performing the Engagement until all Personal Information is removed/destroyed from the hardware or device.  Hardware and devices shall be housed in secure places when not in use.Freelancer will not download and install unsolicited software.  Software downloaded to hardware or devices that connect to Upwork Client’s systems/network could be used to distribute malware.Freelancer will not share passwords used to access Personal Information with anyone or post passwords near hardware or devices. 7. Disposal:When no longer needed for the Engagement, and always upon completion of the Engagement or at Upwork Client’s request, Freelancer will return all Personal Information received, compiled or created in the course of the Engagement.  Further, Freelancer will securely delete any and all copies of such Personal Information (including backups) in Freelancer’s possession (e.g., hard copies shredded, desktop/email trashcan emptied, etc.).  Personal Information in electronic form will be deleted with a “wiping” program that overwrites data on the hardware; paper documents containing Personal Information will be shredded.  Deleting files using standard keyboard commands is not sufficient because data may remain on the computer’s hard drive. Wiping programs are available at most office supply stores. Freelancer understands that a failure to delete Personal Information in Freelancer’s possession after completion of the Engagement may constitute theft of Personal Information. 8. Data Protection: Freelancer will not disclose Personal Information to a subcontractor without Upwork Client’s prior, written consent.  Freelancer will not disclose Personal Information to any other third party without Upwork Client’s prior, written consent except as required by law.  Freelancer will not ever sell Personal Information.  Freelancer will promptly notify Upwork Client of any legally binding request for the production or disclosure of Personal Information (unless prohibited by law from doing so) to allow Upwork Client sufficient time to object to the request.Freelancer will not attempt to link, identify, or otherwise create a relationship between Personal Information made available to Freelancer by Upwork Client with any other data without the express authorization of Upwork Client.In the event Freelancer access to, or storage of, Personal Information results in the transfer of Personal Information to a country outside the country where the Personal Information originated, Freelancer will, at Upwork Client’s request and to the extent required by applicable law, take such reasonable steps as Upwork Client deems necessary (e.g., execute a data transfer agreement) to comply with any law in the country of origin that restricts the international transfer of Personal Information.Freelancer will cooperate with Upwork Client’s reasonable request for assistance in responding to a request to Upwork Client by an individual to exercise his or her rights under applicable data protection law, including but not limited to requests to delete Personal Information, and requests to access Personal Information.  In the event Freelancer receives such a request directly from an individual concerning Personal Information in Freelancer’s possession, Freelancer will promptly forward the request to Upwork Client so that Upwork Client can respond to the individual.Freelancer will make available, upon Upwork Client’s reasonable request, information necessary to demonstrate compliance with this Exhibit 1 and will allow for audits or inspection by Upwork Client or its designee concerning Freelancer’s handling of Personal Information in accordance with this Exhibit 1.In the event the Personal Information relates to an individual located in the European Economic Area, Attachment A to this Exhibit 1 describes the nature and purpose of the processing of Personal Information, the type of Personal Information processed, and the categories of data subjects. Additional information on best practices for protecting Personal Information may be found athttps://www.bulkorder.ftc.gov/publications/protecting-personal-information-guide-business. Freelancer is encouraged to obtain and read a copy of this free publication.  Attachment A  Description Of The Processing  Nature Of Processing By Freelancer:   Purposes Of Processing By Freelancer:   Categories Of Data Subjects Whose Personal Information Is Processed By Freelancer:   Categories Of Personal Information Processed By Freelancer:   “Invention” means any copyrightable material, notes, records, ideas, concepts, information, materials, processes, data, programs, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, artwork, formulae, techniques, or trade secrets conceived, authored, discovered, invented, developed or reduced to practice by Freelancer, solely or in collaboration with others, during the term of this Agreement, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein. “Intellectual Property Rights” means all trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, mask work rights, patents, moral rights, and other intellectual property rights recognized by the laws of any country. 5.2Definition of use of Background Technology. As used in this Agreement, the term “Background Technology” means all Inventions developed by Freelancer other than in the course of providing services hereunder and all Inventions acquired or licensed by Freelancer that Freelancer uses in performing services under this Agreement or incorporates in the Work Product. Freelancer will disclose in advance in writing to the Upwork Client and in the Project Terms any Background Technology that Freelancer proposes to incorporate into Work Product or upon which use or distribution of the Work Product will depend. The Upwork Client will have the right to reject the use or incorporation of such Background Technology in the Upwork Client’s sole and absolute discretion. If Freelancer discloses no Background Technology, Freelancer warrants that it will not incorporate any Background Technology into Work Product. Freelancer will separately provide, with each delivery of Work Product to the Upwork Client, a third-party bill of materials that identifies all Background Technology and other third-party materials that have been incorporated into the Work Product and will provide, for each item of Background Technology identified, (a) the name and any associated version number (b) the applicable license or licensing terms, (c) whether the item has been modified by Freelancer, and (d) how the item has been incorporated into, is used by, or is relied upon by the Work Product. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise agreed in the Project Terms, Freelancer agrees that it will not incorporate into Work Product or otherwise deliver to the Upwork Client any software code for which the use or distribution of the code will create (or purport to create) obligations for the Upwork Client to grant any rights or immunities under the Upwork Client’s Intellectual Property Rights to a third party, including, without limitation, any obligation that the Work Product or the Upwork Client software combined with, derived from, or distributed with such Work Product (x) be disclosed or distributed in source code form, (y) be licensed for the purpose of making derivative works, or (z) be redistributable at no charge. 5.3Ownership and Assignment of Work Product. Upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG, Freelancer hereby unconditionally and irrevocably assigns to the Upwork Client, without further consideration, all right, title and interest worldwide in and to all Work Product, including without limitation all Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Work Product. Except as set forth below, Freelancer retains no rights to use the Work Product and agrees not to challenge the validity of the Upwork Client’s exclusive rights in and ownership of the Work Product, including without limitation all Intellectual Property Rights therein. Freelancer hereby waives unconditionally and irrevocably for the benefit of the Upwork Client and its successors and assigns, without further consideration, any and all moral or similar rights in or to any Work Product (including without limitation, any rights of identification of authorship; any rights of approval; or restrictions or limitations on use, subsequent modification or development of derivative works) in which copyright may subsist in each jurisdiction throughout the world, to the extent that such rights may be waived in each respective jurisdiction. Freelancer agrees to, at the request of the Upwork Client and without any right to further consideration, sign all lawful papers, make all rightful oaths and execute all divisional, continuing, continuation-in-part or reissue applications, all assignments, all registration applications and all other instruments or papers, to carry into full force and effect, the assignment hereby made or intended to be made and generally do everything necessary or helpful for title to the Work Product, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to be clearly and exclusively owned and held by the Upwork Client. Freelancer hereby grants to the Upwork Client a power of attorney to execute any of the aforementioned documents on Freelancer’s behalf in order to give effect to the assignment hereby made. 5.4License to Background Technology. Freelancer hereby automatically upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG, and without further consideration, grants to the Upwork Client a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully-paid and royalty-free, irrevocable, non-terminable and world-wide right, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels or tiers of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make, have made, use, sell, import, offer for sale, and exercise any and all present or future rights in the Background Technology incorporated or used in the Work Product. 5.5 License to or Waiver of Other Rights. If Freelancer has any right to the Work Product that cannot be assigned by Freelancer to the Upwork Client, Freelancer hereby automatically upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG unconditionally and irrevocably grants to the Upwork Client, without further consideration and during the term of such rights, an exclusive, even as to Freelancer, irrevocable, perpetual, non-terminable, worldwide, fully paid up and royalty-free license, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels or tiers of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make, have made, use, sell, import, offer for sale and exercise any and all such rights. If Freelancer has any rights to the Work Product that cannot be assigned or licensed to the Upwork Client, Freelancer hereby automatically upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG unconditionally and irrevocably, without further consideration, waives the enforcement of such rights around the world, and all claims and causes of action of any kind against the Upwork Client, its successors and assigns, or related to the Upwork Client’s customers, with respect to such rights, and agrees, at UTG or the Upwork Client’s request and expense, to consent to and join in any action to enforce such rights. 5.6 Assistance. Freelancer agrees to, at the request of the Upwork Client and without any right to further consideration, to assist the Upwork Client in every way, during and after the term of this Agreement, to obtain and enforce United States and foreign Intellectual Property Rights relating to the Work Product, in all countries, including to sign all lawful papers, make all rightful oaths and execute all divisional, continuing, continuation-in-part or reissue applications, all assignments, all registration applications and all other instruments or papers, to carry into full force and effect the assignment hereby made or intended to be made and generally do everything necessary or helpful for title to the Work Product, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to be clearly and exclusively owned and held by the Upwork Client, including testifying in a suit or other proceeding regarding such Inventions. Freelancer hereby grants to the Upwork Client a power of attorney to execute any of the aforementioned documents on Freelancer’s behalf in order to give effect to the assignment hereby made. This power of attorney shall be deemed coupled with an interest, and shall be irrevocable. Freelancer further agrees that Freelancer’s obligations under this Section 5.6 shall continue after termination of this Agreement. 6. CONFLICTING PROJECTS. UTG and the Upwork Client acknowledge that Freelancer may enter into other contracts and accept work from any other persons or entities during the term of this Agreement; however, Freelancer agrees not to enter into a contract or accept an obligation that would conflict with the provisions of this Agreement or prevent Freelancer from meeting its obligations under this Agreement. Freelancer represents and warrants that there is no such contract or obligation in effect as of the Effective Date. Freelancer further agrees not to disclose to, deliver to, or induce UTG or the Upwork Client to use any confidential information that belongs to anyone other than UTG, the Upwork Client or Freelancer. 7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF THE UPWORK CLIENT. Freelancer agrees that during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, except as expressly authorized in writing by the Upwork Client, Freelancer (a) will not use or permit the use of Client Confidential Information (defined below) in any manner or for any purpose not expressly set forth in this Agreement; (b) will not disclose, lecture upon, publish, or permit others to disclose, lecture upon, or publish any such Client Confidential Information to any third party without first obtaining the Upwork Client’s express written consent on a case-by-case basis; (c) will limit access to Client Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who need to know such information in connection with the Project and who are likewise bound by non-use and non-disclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this section; and (d) will not remove any tangible embodiment of any Client Confidential Information from the Upwork Client’s premises without the Upwork Client’s prior written consent. “Client Confidential Information” means and includes, but is not limited to, all Work Product and all non-public information related to the business of the Upwork Client or any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors and the actual or anticipated research and development of the Upwork Client or any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, including without limitation (i) trade secrets, inventions, ideas, processes, computer source and object code, formulae, data, databases, programs, other works of authorship, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, and techniques; (ii) information regarding products or plans for research and development, marketing and business plans, budgets, financial statements, contracts, prices, suppliers, and customers; (iii) information regarding the skills and compensation of the Upwork Client’s employees, contractors, and any other Freelancers; (iv) the existence of any business discussions, negotiations, or agreements between the Upwork Client and any third party; and (v) all such information related to any third party that is disclosed during the course of the Project. Confidential Information will not include any such information which Freelancer can establish (x) was publicly known or made generally available prior to the time of disclosure to Freelancer; (y) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure to Freelancer through no wrongful action or inaction of Freelancer; or (z) is in the rightful possession of Freelancer, without confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure as shown by Freelancer’s then-contemporaneous written records; provided that any combination of individual items of information shall not be deemed to be within any of the foregoing exceptions merely because one or more of the individual items are within such exception, unless the combination as a whole is within such exception. To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements inExhibit 1, and will ensure Freelancer Personnel comply with such requirements, for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws. 8. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF UTG. Freelancer agrees that during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, except as expressly authorized in writing by UTG, it (a) will not use or permit the use of UTG Confidential Information (defined below) in any manner or for any purpose not expressly set forth in this Agreement; (b) will not disclose, lecture upon, publish, or permit others to disclose, lecture upon, or publish any such UTG Confidential Information to any third party without first obtaining UTG’s express written consent on a case-by-case basis; (c) will limit access to UTG Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who need to know such information in connection with their work for UTG and who are likewise bound by non-use and non-disclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this section; and (d) will not remove any tangible embodiment of any UTG Confidential Information from UTG’s premises without UTG’s prior written consent. “UTG Confidential Information” means and includes, but is not limited to, all non-public information related to UTG’s and/or its affiliates’, subsidiaries’, or parent company’s business and its/their actual or anticipated research and development, including without limitation (i) trade secrets, inventions, ideas, processes, computer source and object code, formulae, data, databases programs, other works of authorship, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, and techniques; (ii) information regarding products or plans for research and development, marketing and business plans, budgets, financial statements, contracts, prices, suppliers, and customers; (iii) information regarding the skills and compensation of UTG’s, its affiliates’, subsidiaries’, or parent company’s employees, contractors, and any other Freelancers; (iv) the existence of any business discussions, negotiations, or agreements between UTG, its affiliates, subsidiaries, or parent company, and any third party; and (v) all such information related to any third party that is disclosed during the course of the Project. Confidential Information will not include any such information which Freelancer can establish (x) was publicly known or made generally available prior to the time of disclosure to Freelancer; (y) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure to Freelancer through no wrongful action or inaction of Freelancer; or (z) is in the rightful possession of Freelancer, without confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure as shown by Freelancer’s then-contemporaneous written records; provided that any combination of individual items of information shall not be deemed to be within any of the foregoing exceptions merely because one or more of the individual items are within such exception, unless the combination as a whole is within such exception.To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements inExhibit 1, and will ensure Freelancer Personnel comply with such requirements, for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws. Immunity for Certain Disclosures.As set forth in the U.S. Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. section 1833, please note that a disclosure of trade secrets or other Confidential Information is immune from prosecution or civil action under U.S. Federal or State trade secret law if the disclosure (a) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Provision Applicable to New York City.Nothing in this Agreement, including but not limited to its provisions relating to confidentiality, prohibits (or should be construed as prohibiting) any Freelancer residing in, or engaged to provide services in, New York City under this Agreement from disclosing the terms of this Agreement to the Director of the Office of Labor Standards. 9. FREELANCER’S AGENTS AND SUBCONTRACTORS. Freelancer is free to rely on its employees or subcontractors to assist with performance of services under this Agreement.If at any time Freelancer has any employee, independent contractor or other person or entity performing work on Freelancer’s behalf in connection with the Project, however, Freelancer agrees Freelancer remains responsible for the quality of the Work Product and agrees to the following representations and obligations: 9.1Projectand Performance of Services. a.Work Product Ownership, Confidential Information and Other Contractual Provisions. Before any employee, independent contractor or other person or entity employed or engaged by Freelancer (collectively, “Freelancer Personnel”) performs any services in connection with the Project or has access to any Client Confidential Information or UTG Confidential Information, Freelancer will enter into a binding written agreement with such Freelancer Personnel that (i) contains provisions with the same effect as the Agreement sections titled “Intellectual Property Rights,” “Confidential Information of Upwork Client” and “Confidential Information of UTG”; and (ii) specifies that Freelancer Personnel do not have any employment relationship with Upwork Client or UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors and are not entitled to or eligible for any benefits that Upwork Client or UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors may make available to any of their respective employees. In addition, Freelancer will limit access to Client Confidential Information and UTG Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who have a reasonable need to have such access in order to perform services for the Project. b.Freelancer Personnel Not Employed by Upwork Client or UTG.Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that Freelancer Personnel are not engaged by, supervised by, directed by or assigned work by Upwork Client, UTG, or any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. Freelancer further acknowledges and agrees that neither Upwork Client nor UTG determine or control, or have the right to determine or control, any terms and conditions of employment or engagement of any Freelancer Personnel, including without limitation their selection, hiring, work assignment, work hours, compensation, work methods, discipline, working conditions, or termination. For the avoidance of doubt, Freelancer Personnel are not employees of Upwork Client or UTG or any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. Freelancer will be fully responsible for the acts, work and safety of Freelancer Personnel at all times. c. Freelancer Personnel Compensation, Taxes and Benefits.In accordance with all applicable law, Freelancer will be solely responsible for determining and paying all compensation of Freelancer Personnel and will be solely responsible for and pay any taxes, contributions and/or benefits owed to or on behalf of Freelancer Personnel. Neither Upwork Client nor UTG nor any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates will be liable to Freelancer or to Freelancer Personnel for Freelancer’s failure to perform Freelancer’s compensation, tax or benefit obligations with respect to Freelancer Personnel. Freelancer will indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client and UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors harmless from and against all such taxes, contributions and benefits and will comply with all associated governmental regulations, including the filing of all necessary reports and tax returns. d. Background Screening of Freelancer Personnel.If requested by UTG or Upwork Client and permitted by applicable law, Freelancer will conduct reasonable background screening measures with respect to Freelancer Personnel (the “Screenings”) and will be responsible for all costs and fees relating to such Screenings. Freelancer will conduct Screenings in accordance with applicable laws and will obtain written authorization from Freelancer Personnel to share the results of such screening with Upwork Client and/or UTG upon request. e. Work Diary. Freelancer agrees to record and invoice through Work Diary on the Site all work performed by any Freelancer Personnel for Projects performed on a time and material or hourly basis under this Agreement.Freelancer acknowledges that UTG has no obligation to pay Freelancer, and may not approve payment of Freelancer, for time spent on hourly Projects that is not recorded in the Work Diary. 9.2 Freelancer Responsible for Freelancer Personnel. a. Employees.With respect to Freelancer Personnel,Freelancer is solely responsible for and will comply with all applicable employment laws, including without limitation laws governing workers’ compensation, unemployment and disability insurance, health insurance and other employee benefits, wage and hour, employment discrimination and harassment, leaves of absence, and health and safety. Freelancer is responsible for providing meal and rest breaks to employees in accordance with any applicable laws and for complying with all paycheck requirements. If applicable, Freelancer will also comply with all licensing and other regulatory steps necessary to employ workers. Freelancer assumes full responsibility for any claims brought by, on behalf of or in connection with Freelancer’s employees (or other Freelancer Personnel alleging they are or should have been classified as employees) and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors harmless from and against any such claims. b. Independent Contractors.With respect to Freelancer Personnel, Freelancer is solely responsible for properly classifying and engaging any Freelancer Personnel as independent contractors or as its employees and will comply with all applicable laws defining or governing the independent contractor or employment relationship. Freelancer warrants and represents that any Freelancer Personnel treated as an independent contractor is properly classified and assumes full responsibility for any claims brought by, on behalf of or in connection with Freelancer Personnel working as independent contractors and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors harmless from and against any such claims. 9.3 Intellectual Property Rights. Freelancer agrees that all copyrightable material, notes, records, drawings, designs, inventions, improvements, developments, discoveries and trade secrets conceived, discovered, developed or reduced to practice by Freelancer Personnel, solely or in collaboration with others, during the term of this Agreement that relate in any manner to the business of Upwork Client will belong exclusively to Upwork Client. Freelancer will ensure that Freelancer Personnel execute appropriate agreements with Freelancer to confirm such ownership, narrowed if and to the extent required by applicable law to be enforceable in the applicable jurisdiction, and to confirm that Freelancer Personnel will not challenge the validity of Upwork Client’s ownership in Work Product, including without limitation the Intellectual Property Rights in Work Product. 9.4 Indemnification. In addition to the indemnification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, Freelancer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless UTG, Upwork Client and each of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors, individually and collectively, against any damage, cost, loss or expense arising from any claim, suit, proceeding, investigation, government inquiry or other action brought against UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors (a) alleging that any Freelancer Personnel is an employee of UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors or (b) arising out of the failure (whether negligent, willful, intentional, or unintended in cases of strict liability) of Freelancer to comply with this Agreement or any applicable law or regulation. 10. FREELANCER’S COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Freelancer hereby covenants, represents and warrants to UTG and to Upwork Client that (a) Freelancer will perform the services necessary to perform the Project in a timely and professional manner, consistent with industry standards, and all in accordance with this Agreement; (b) except any pre-approved Background Technology used or incorporated as part of the Work Product, the Work Product will be an original work of Freelancer and any third parties will have executed assignment of rights prior to being allowed to participate in the development of the Work Product; (c) the Work Product will fully conform to the requirements and terms set forth in this Agreement, including any Project Terms; (d) the Work Product will be free from material errors, faults and defects of any kind; (e) the Work Product will not contain any virus, Trojan horse, malicious code, trap door, time bomb, or shutdown mechanism, or any other software code or functionality that will “lock” or prevent the use of or access to the Work Product or otherwise cause the Work Product to cease functioning, or which is otherwise designed to harm any systems, servers, computers or websites of Upwork Client, UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors; (f) neither the Work Product nor any element thereof does or will infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; (g) neither the Work Product nor any element thereof will be subject to any restrictions or to any mortgages, liens, pledges, security interests, or encumbrances; (h) Freelancer will not grant, directly or indirectly, any rights or interest whatsoever in the Work Product to third parties other than the Upwork Client; (i) Freelancer has full right and power to enter into and perform this Agreement without the consent of any third party; (j) Freelancer has an unqualified right to grant the license to all Background Technology as set forth in the section titled “License to Background Technology”; (k) if Freelancer is required to possess or maintain any license, registration, or other authorization necessary to provide the Work Product or to provide independent contractor services under this Agreement, then it possess such a license, registration, or other authorization and will maintain such license, registration, or other authorization during the term of this Agreement; (l) Freelancer will not use or incorporate as part of the Work Product any Open Source Code other than as expressly authorized in this Agreement; (m) Freelancer will promptly update changes to Freelancer’s contact information as outlined in the Terms of Service; and (n) Freelancer will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to Freelancer’s obligations under this Agreement. 11. UTG DISCLAIMER; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 11.1 Disclaimer. UTG MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PROJECT, THE PROJECT TERMS, OR IN CONNECTION WITH UTG’S PERFORMANCE OF ITS OBLIGATIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES HEREUNDER, AND FREELANCER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE SAME ARE BEING PROVIDED OR PERFORMED HEREUNDER “AS IS” AND WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. UTG HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, WRITTEN, ORAL OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, AND/OR VALIDITY. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. 11.2 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL UTG, UPWORK CLIENT OR ANY OF THEIR PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OR SUCCESSORS BE LIABLE TO FREELANCER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS), EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF THEY WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY UNDER WHICH ANY SUCH DAMAGES ARE SOUGHT. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. 12. INDEMNIFICATION. Freelancer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, individually and collectively, against any and all damage, cost, loss or expense arising from any claim, suit or proceeding, actual or alleged, brought or asserted against UTG, Upwork Client and/or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors (a) alleging that any Work Product that Freelancer delivers pursuant to this Agreement or the Project infringes upon any intellectual property rights; (b) alleging that any Work Product that Freelancer delivers pursuant to this Agreement or the Project misappropriates any trade secrets of UTG, Upwork Client and any of their parents and affiliates, or any third party; (c) arising from or related to Freelancer’s breach of any representation or warranty; (d) arising from or related to Freelancer’s failure to pay any taxes or fees due as a result of Freelancer’s work under this Agreement; (e) arising from or related to Freelancer’s or Freelancer’s personnel’s failure to comply with any applicable law or regulation; or (f) arising from or related to Freelancer’s breach of any other terms of this Agreement. 13. INSURANCE. Freelancer, at its sole cost and expense, will maintain appropriate insurance in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations and in no event less than industry standards, including but not limited to unemployment and workers’ compensation insurance. Upon request, Freelancer will furnish proof of insurance in a form acceptable to UTG and the Upwork Client. 14.TERM AND TERMINATION. 14.1 Term. The term of this Agreement (the “Term”) will begin on the Effective Date and will terminate on the first to occur of: (a) the end date in the Project Terms; or (b) the date that the Project is fully completed and thus closed on the Site. 14.2 Termination with Cause. Either Party has the right to terminate this Agreement immediately in the event that the other Party has materially breached the Agreement and fails to cure such breach within 15 calendar days of receipt of notice by the non-breaching Party, setting forth in reasonable detail the nature of the breach. UTG may also terminate this Agreement immediately, in writing, in its sole discretion in the event of Freelancer’s material breach of section 5, 6, 7, 8 or 9 (including subsections), or if Freelancer engages in unlawful activities while rendering the services specified in the Project. 14.3 Return of Property. Upon termination of the Agreement or upon UTG’s or Upwork Client’s request at any other time, Freelancer will deliver to UTG or Upwork Client, as applicable, all of UTG’s or the Upwork Client’s property together with all copies thereof and any other documents or materials that contain any Work Product, Client Confidential Information or UTG Confidential Information. 14.4 Survival. The following provisions will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason: sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14.3, 14.4, 15, and 16, each including subsections. For the avoidance of doubt, Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that the license rights and other rights granted by Freelancer in section 5 above are perpetual in nature and will continue in perpetuity notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement, regardless of the cause, and the expiration or termination of this Agreement will not affect, limit, or otherwise impair such rights. 15. DISPUTES; ARBITRATION PROVISION. 15.1 Dispute Process. The Parties agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy that arises out of or relates to (a) this Agreement, (b) Freelancer’s relationship with or work or UTG, the Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors (each of which are express third-party beneficiaries of this Arbitration Provision), including without limitation any claimed employment, or the termination of any relationship referred to in this Agreement, and/or (c) the Site or the Site Services (each, a “Claim”) in accordance with this section 15 (sometimes referred to as “Arbitration Provision”). 15.2 Informal Dispute Resolution. Before serving a demand for arbitration of a Claim, or otherwise seeking relief for any Claim, Freelancer and UTG agree to first notify the other Party or Parties (the “Notice”). The Parties will then seek informal resolution of the Claim. The Notice must be in writing and include Freelancer’s name, pertinent account information, a brief description of the Claim, and the drafting Party’s contact information, so that the receiving Party may evaluate and attempt to informally resolve the Claim. The receiving Party will have 60 calendar days from the date of its receipt of the Notice to informally resolve the Claim, which, if successful, will avoid the need for further action. Notice to UTG of the Claim will be sent to Upwork Global Inc. Headquarters as listed on its Site (https://www.upwork.com/about/contact/), Attn: Legal orlegalnotices@upwork.com. Notice to the Upwork Client will be made through any means by which Freelancer communicates with the Upwork Client about the Work Product. Notice to Freelancer will be provided to the most current physical or email address on the Site. 15.3 Binding Arbitration and Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver (Does Not Apply to Freelancers Located Outside the United States and Its Territories). This Arbitration Provision applies to all Freelancers except Freelancers located outside of the United States and its territories. In the unlikely event the Parties are unable to resolve a Claim within 60 calendar days of the receipt of the applicable Notice, Freelancer, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, and Upwork Client and any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors agree to resolve the Claim by final and binding arbitration before an arbitrator from JAMS. JAMS may be contacted atwww.jamsadr.com.If for any reason JAMS will not administer the arbitration, either Party may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction with authority over the location where the arbitration will be conducted for appointment of a neutral arbitrator. a. Scope of Arbitration Agreement and Conduct of Arbitration Arbitration as provided in this Arbitration Provision is governed by the United States Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1et seq.).  This Arbitration Provision applies to any and all Claims (as defined in section 15.1). For the avoidance of doubt, Claims include, but are not limited to, all claims, disputes, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Project, the Terms of Service, escrow payments or agreements, any payments or monies Freelancer claims are due, trade secrets, unfair competition, false advertising, consumer protection, privacy, compensation, worker classification, minimum wage, seating, expense reimbursement, overtime, breaks and rest periods, termination, retaliation, discrimination or harassment and all claims arising under the Defend Trade Secrets Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. §1981, the Rehabilitation Act, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, the Equal Pay Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Affordable Care Act, the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act, the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, all state statutes or regulations addressing the same or similar subject matters, and all other federal, state or local legal claims arising out of or relating to Freelancer’s relationship with or work for UTG or the Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors and/or the termination of that relationship. The Upwork Client is an express third party beneficiary and may enforce the agreement to the full extent as though it were a signatory. Disputes between the parties that may not be subject to a pre-dispute arbitration agreement as provided by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-203) or as provided by an Act of Congress or lawful, enforceable Executive Order, are excluded from the coverage of this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein, arbitration will be conducted in Santa Clara County, California in accordance with the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures under the Optional Expedited Arbitration Procedures then in effect for JAMS.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Claims by Freelancers that allege employment or worker classification disputes will be conducted within 25 miles of where Freelancer is located in accordance with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures then in effect.  The JAMS arbitration rules may be found atwww.jamsadr.comor by searching online for “JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures” or “JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules.”  The Parties agree that any Party will have the right to appear at the arbitration by telephone and/or video rather than in person. The Parties will follow the applicable JAMS rules with respect to arbitration fees.  In any arbitration under the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures, Freelancer will pay JAMS arbitration fees only to the extent those fees are no greater than the filing or initial appearance fees applicable to court actions in the jurisdiction where the arbitration will be conducted, with UTG to make up the difference, if any.  The arbitrator must follow applicable law and may award only those remedies that would have applied had the matter been heard in court.  Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator’s decision in any court having jurisdiction. This Arbitration Provision does not apply to litigation to which Freelancer is a party that is or was already pending in a state or federal court or arbitration before the Effective Date.  This Arbitration Provision also does not apply to claims for workers compensation, state disability insurance or unemployment insurance benefits.  Either Freelancer or UTG may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for provisional injunctive relief in connection with an arbitrable controversy, but only upon the ground that the award to which that party may be entitled may be rendered ineffectual without such relief; the arbitrator will render the final judgment in the matter. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents Freelancer from making a report to or filing a claim or charge with a government agency, including without limitation the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, U.S. Department of Labor, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, National Labor Relations Board, or Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents the investigation by a government agency of any report, claim or charge otherwise covered by this Arbitration Provision. This Arbitration Provision also does not prevent federal administrative agencies from adjudicating claims and awarding remedies based on those claims, even if the claims would otherwise be covered by this Arbitration Provision. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents or excuses a party from satisfying any conditions precedent and/or exhausting administrative remedies under applicable law before bringing a claim in arbitration. UTG will not retaliate against Freelancer for filing a claim with an administrative agency or for exercising rights (individually or in concert with others) under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. b. Interpretation and Enforcement of this Arbitration Provision This Arbitration Provision is the full and complete agreement relating to the formal resolution of Claims and replaces all prior agreements between Freelancer and UTG regarding the arbitration of disputes covered by this Arbitration Provision.  Except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, this Arbitration Provision covers, and the arbitrator will have exclusive jurisdiction to decide, all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, enforcement, or application of this Arbitration Provision, including, except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Provision or whether any portion of the Arbitration Provision is void or voidable.  All such matters will be decided by an arbitrator and not by a court. In the event any portion of this Arbitration Provision is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of this Arbitration Provision will be enforceable.  If any portion of the Class Action Waiver in subsection c, below, of this Arbitration Provision is deemed to be unenforceable, the Parties agree that this Arbitration Provision will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. c. Class and Collective Action Waiver Private attorney general representative actions under the California Labor Code are not arbitrable, not within the scope of this Arbitration Provision and may be maintained in a court of law. However, this Arbitration Provision affects the Parties’ ability to participate in class or collective actions. The Parties agree to bring any dispute in arbitration on an individual basis only, and not on a class or collective basis on behalf of others.  There will be no right or authority for any dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a class or collective action, or as a member in any such class or collective proceeding (“Class Action Waiver”). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or the JAMS Rules, disputes regarding the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity or breach of the Class Action Waiver may be resolved only by a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. In any case in which (1) the dispute is filed as a class or collective action and (2) there is a final judicial determination that all or part of the Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, the class or collective action to that extent must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction, but the portion of the Class Action Waiver that is enforceable shall be enforced in arbitration. Freelancer will not be retaliated against, disciplined or threatened with discipline as a result of exercising any rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act, if applicable, by filing or participating in a class or collective action in any forum. However, any Party may lawfully seek enforcement of this Arbitration Provision and the Class Action Waiver under the Federal Arbitration Act and seek dismissal of such class or collective actions or claims. d. Right to Opt Out of the Arbitration Provision. Freelancer may opt out of the Arbitration Provision by notifying UTG in writing within 30 calendar days of the Effective Date.To opt out, Freelancer must send a written notification to UTG to Upwork Global Inc. headquarters as listed on its Site (https://www.upwork.com/about/contact/), Attn: Legal orlegalnotices@upwork.comthat includes (a) Freelancer’s account username, (b) Freelancer’s name, (c) Freelancer’s address, (d) Freelancer’s telephone number, (e) Freelancer’s email address, and (f) a statement that Freelancer wishes to opt out of the Arbitration Provision. Freelancer understands that Freelancer has the right to consult with counsel of Freelancer’s choice concerning this Agreement and the Arbitration Provision. 16. GENERAL PROVISIONS 16.1Choice of Law. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Agreement and any Claims will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of law provisions and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG); provided, however, that any Claims by any Freelancer located within the United States will be governed by the law of the state in which such Freelancer resided at the time the Project was performed. 16.2 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Section 15.3(c) governs severability of the Class Action Waiver. 16.3 No Assignment. This Agreement, and the Parties’ respective rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned or otherwise transferred by either Party without the other’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void; provided, however, UTG may assign this Agreement, its rights and its obligations to an affiliate or to any successor to its business or assets to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, sale of assets, sale of stock, reorganization or otherwise. The terms of this Agreement will be binding upon assignees. 16.4 Injunctive Relief. Freelancer acknowledges that, because its services are personal and unique and because Freelancer will have access to Confidential Information of UTG and Upwork Client, any breach of this Agreement by Freelancer would cause irreparable injury to UTG or Upwork Client for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and, therefore, will entitle UTG or Upwork Client to injunctive relief (including specific performance). The rights and remedies provided to each Party in this Agreement are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies available to such Party at law or in equity not otherwise waived by this Agreement. 16.5 Waiver. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion. 16.6 Export. Freelancer agrees not to export, directly or indirectly, any U.S. technical data acquired from UTG, Upwork or Upwork Client, or any products utilizing such data, to countries outside the United States, because such export could be in violation of the United States export laws or regulations. 16.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matters hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between the Parties with respect to such subject matters. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, or any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by Freelancer and UTG. 16.8 Electronic Acceptance. The Parties expressly agree that this Agreement may be electronically signed and accepted, and that the Site’s record of Freelancer’s acceptance will be treated, for purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility, the same as written signatures. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT VIA THE SITE, FREELANCER HAS BOUND ITSELF TO THIS AGREEMENT AND CREATED AN AGREEMENT THAT IS ENFORCEABLE AGAINST ALL PARTIES. FREELANCER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT FREELANCER HAS BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN INDEPENDENT LEGAL ADVICE WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE ACCEPTING IT, AND THAT FREELANCER VOLUNTARILY AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING OF ITS TERMS.    EXHIBIT APrivacy and Information Security Exhibit  To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements in this Exhibit for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws regarding protection of Personal Information.  Freelancer is expected to be familiar with such laws and take whatever additional security measures may be warranted by the particular circumstances. Privacy Requirements 1. Personal Information:Freelancer will collect, store, transmit, disclose, process, destroy, or otherwise process Personal Information only (a) for purposes of providing the Services and as otherwise instructed by Upwork Client, (b) in accordance with this Exhibit 1, and (c) in compliance with applicable law.  In the event of any conflict between applicable law and this Exhibit 1, Freelancer will comply with applicable law.  Personal Information includes any information related to an identified or identifiable natural person where such information is protected under applicable data protection law. 2. Notification Of Security Incident:Freelancer will notify Upwork Client of any actual or suspected security incident involving Personal Information as soon as possible after becoming aware of the incident, but never later than 24 hours after learning of the incident.  Freelancer will cooperate with Upwork Client on any investigation of the security incident.  A “security incident” is a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Information transmitted, stored or otherwise processed. 3. Security Standards:Freelancer will utilize reasonable and physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect Personal Information and comply at all times with applicable laws concerning the protection and securing of Personal Information. For as long as Freelancer has access to Personal Information or to Upwork Client’s systems/networks, Freelancer will update security practices and controls at Freelancer’s own cost. 4. Malware Protection:Freelancer will use up-to-date, commercially reasonable virus protection software (i.e. anti-virus) for the duration of the Engagement. 5. Device and Software Management:Before the start of the Engagement and at all times while Freelancer accesses any Personal Information or Upwork Client’s systems/networks, Freelancer will: Use up-to-date software and firmware that includes any current patches and updates and that is configured to automatically update/patch;Use a firewall to protect Freelancer’s own information systems;Use strong, unique passwords of at least 8 characters (with a mix of letters, numbers, and special characters where possible) for access to devices and applications;Use password-activated screensavers to lock hardware or devices after a period of inactivity;Configure devices and applications to require new passwords at least every 90 days;Ensure that multiple failed login attempts (no more than 10) to devices and applications result in lockout (check security settings on applications); andDisable Bluetooth on devices (except when use is necessary). 6. Secure Practices: Freelancer will only connect to trusted, private wireless networks that use complex passwords not known or easily accessible to the public (e.g., not Starbucks).Freelancer will not share hardware or devices with other people (roommates, spouses, children, etc.) while performing the Engagement until all Personal Information is removed/destroyed from the hardware or device.  Hardware and devices shall be housed in secure places when not in use.Freelancer will not download and install unsolicited software.  Software downloaded to hardware or devices that connect to Upwork Client’s systems/network could be used to distribute malware.Freelancer will not share passwords used to access Personal Information with anyone or post passwords near hardware or devices. 7. Disposal:When no longer needed for the Engagement, and always upon completion of the Engagement or at Upwork Client’s request, Freelancer will return all Personal Information received, compiled or created in the course of the Engagement.  Further, Freelancer will securely delete any and all copies of such Personal Information (including backups) in Freelancer’s possession (e.g., hard copies shredded, desktop/email trashcan emptied, etc.).  Personal Information in electronic form will be deleted with a “wiping” program that overwrites data on the hardware; paper documents containing Personal Information will be shredded.  Deleting files using standard keyboard commands is not sufficient because data may remain on the computer’s hard drive. Wiping programs are available at most office supply stores. Freelancer understands that a failure to delete Personal Information in Freelancer’s possession after completion of the Engagement may constitute theft of Personal Information. 8. Data Protection: Freelancer will not disclose Personal Information to a subcontractor without Upwork Client’s prior, written consent.  Freelancer will not disclose Personal Information to any other third party without Upwork Client’s prior, written consent except as required by law.  Freelancer will not ever sell Personal Information.  Freelancer will promptly notify Upwork Client of any legally binding request for the production or disclosure of Personal Information (unless prohibited by law from doing so) to allow Upwork Client sufficient time to object to the request.Freelancer will not attempt to link, identify, or otherwise create a relationship between Personal Information made available to Freelancer by Upwork Client with any other data without the express authorization of Upwork Client.In the event Freelancer access to, or storage of, Personal Information results in the transfer of Personal Information to a country outside the country where the Personal Information originated, Freelancer will, at Upwork Client’s request and to the extent required by applicable law, take such reasonable steps as Upwork Client deems necessary (e.g., execute a data transfer agreement) to comply with any law in the country of origin that restricts the international transfer of Personal Information.Freelancer will cooperate with Upwork Client’s reasonable request for assistance in responding to a request to Upwork Client by an individual to exercise his or her rights under applicable data protection law, including but not limited to requests to delete Personal Information, and requests to access Personal Information.  In the event Freelancer receives such a request directly from an individual concerning Personal Information in Freelancer’s possession, Freelancer will promptly forward the request to Upwork Client so that Upwork Client can respond to the individual.Freelancer will make available, upon Upwork Client’s reasonable request, information necessary to demonstrate compliance with this Exhibit 1 and will allow for audits or inspection by Upwork Client or its designee concerning Freelancer’s handling of Personal Information in accordance with this Exhibit 1.In the event the Personal Information relates to an individual located in the European Economic Area, Attachment A to this Exhibit 1 describes the nature and purpose of the processing of Personal Information, the type of Personal Information processed, and the categories of data subjects. Additional information on best practices for protecting Personal Information may be found athttps://www.bulkorder.ftc.gov/publications/protecting-personal-information-guide-business. Freelancer is encouraged to obtain and read a copy of this free publication.  Attachment A  Description Of The Processing  Nature Of Processing By Freelancer:   Purposes Of Processing By Freelancer:   Categories Of Data Subjects Whose Personal Information Is Processed By Freelancer:   Categories Of Personal Information Processed By Freelancer:   If Freelancer has any right to the Work Product that cannot be assigned by Freelancer to the Upwork Client, Freelancer hereby automatically upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG unconditionally and irrevocably grants to the Upwork Client, without further consideration and during the term of such rights, an exclusive, even as to Freelancer, irrevocable, perpetual, non-terminable, worldwide, fully paid up and royalty-free license, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels or tiers of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make, have made, use, sell, import, offer for sale and exercise any and all such rights. If Freelancer has any rights to the Work Product that cannot be assigned or licensed to the Upwork Client, Freelancer hereby automatically upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG unconditionally and irrevocably, without further consideration, waives the enforcement of such rights around the world, and all claims and causes of action of any kind against the Upwork Client, its successors and assigns, or related to the Upwork Client’s customers, with respect to such rights, and agrees, at UTG or the Upwork Client’s request and expense, to consent to and join in any action to enforce such rights. 5.6 Assistance. Freelancer agrees to, at the request of the Upwork Client and without any right to further consideration, to assist the Upwork Client in every way, during and after the term of this Agreement, to obtain and enforce United States and foreign Intellectual Property Rights relating to the Work Product, in all countries, including to sign all lawful papers, make all rightful oaths and execute all divisional, continuing, continuation-in-part or reissue applications, all assignments, all registration applications and all other instruments or papers, to carry into full force and effect the assignment hereby made or intended to be made and generally do everything necessary or helpful for title to the Work Product, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to be clearly and exclusively owned and held by the Upwork Client, including testifying in a suit or other proceeding regarding such Inventions. Freelancer hereby grants to the Upwork Client a power of attorney to execute any of the aforementioned documents on Freelancer’s behalf in order to give effect to the assignment hereby made. This power of attorney shall be deemed coupled with an interest, and shall be irrevocable. Freelancer further agrees that Freelancer’s obligations under this Section 5.6 shall continue after termination of this Agreement. 6. CONFLICTING PROJECTS. UTG and the Upwork Client acknowledge that Freelancer may enter into other contracts and accept work from any other persons or entities during the term of this Agreement; however, Freelancer agrees not to enter into a contract or accept an obligation that would conflict with the provisions of this Agreement or prevent Freelancer from meeting its obligations under this Agreement. Freelancer represents and warrants that there is no such contract or obligation in effect as of the Effective Date. Freelancer further agrees not to disclose to, deliver to, or induce UTG or the Upwork Client to use any confidential information that belongs to anyone other than UTG, the Upwork Client or Freelancer. 7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF THE UPWORK CLIENT. Freelancer agrees that during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, except as expressly authorized in writing by the Upwork Client, Freelancer (a) will not use or permit the use of Client Confidential Information (defined below) in any manner or for any purpose not expressly set forth in this Agreement; (b) will not disclose, lecture upon, publish, or permit others to disclose, lecture upon, or publish any such Client Confidential Information to any third party without first obtaining the Upwork Client’s express written consent on a case-by-case basis; (c) will limit access to Client Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who need to know such information in connection with the Project and who are likewise bound by non-use and non-disclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this section; and (d) will not remove any tangible embodiment of any Client Confidential Information from the Upwork Client’s premises without the Upwork Client’s prior written consent. “Client Confidential Information” means and includes, but is not limited to, all Work Product and all non-public information related to the business of the Upwork Client or any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors and the actual or anticipated research and development of the Upwork Client or any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, including without limitation (i) trade secrets, inventions, ideas, processes, computer source and object code, formulae, data, databases, programs, other works of authorship, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, and techniques; (ii) information regarding products or plans for research and development, marketing and business plans, budgets, financial statements, contracts, prices, suppliers, and customers; (iii) information regarding the skills and compensation of the Upwork Client’s employees, contractors, and any other Freelancers; (iv) the existence of any business discussions, negotiations, or agreements between the Upwork Client and any third party; and (v) all such information related to any third party that is disclosed during the course of the Project. Confidential Information will not include any such information which Freelancer can establish (x) was publicly known or made generally available prior to the time of disclosure to Freelancer; (y) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure to Freelancer through no wrongful action or inaction of Freelancer; or (z) is in the rightful possession of Freelancer, without confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure as shown by Freelancer’s then-contemporaneous written records; provided that any combination of individual items of information shall not be deemed to be within any of the foregoing exceptions merely because one or more of the individual items are within such exception, unless the combination as a whole is within such exception. To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements inExhibit 1, and will ensure Freelancer Personnel comply with such requirements, for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws. 8. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF UTG. Freelancer agrees that during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, except as expressly authorized in writing by UTG, it (a) will not use or permit the use of UTG Confidential Information (defined below) in any manner or for any purpose not expressly set forth in this Agreement; (b) will not disclose, lecture upon, publish, or permit others to disclose, lecture upon, or publish any such UTG Confidential Information to any third party without first obtaining UTG’s express written consent on a case-by-case basis; (c) will limit access to UTG Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who need to know such information in connection with their work for UTG and who are likewise bound by non-use and non-disclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this section; and (d) will not remove any tangible embodiment of any UTG Confidential Information from UTG’s premises without UTG’s prior written consent. “UTG Confidential Information” means and includes, but is not limited to, all non-public information related to UTG’s and/or its affiliates’, subsidiaries’, or parent company’s business and its/their actual or anticipated research and development, including without limitation (i) trade secrets, inventions, ideas, processes, computer source and object code, formulae, data, databases programs, other works of authorship, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, and techniques; (ii) information regarding products or plans for research and development, marketing and business plans, budgets, financial statements, contracts, prices, suppliers, and customers; (iii) information regarding the skills and compensation of UTG’s, its affiliates’, subsidiaries’, or parent company’s employees, contractors, and any other Freelancers; (iv) the existence of any business discussions, negotiations, or agreements between UTG, its affiliates, subsidiaries, or parent company, and any third party; and (v) all such information related to any third party that is disclosed during the course of the Project. Confidential Information will not include any such information which Freelancer can establish (x) was publicly known or made generally available prior to the time of disclosure to Freelancer; (y) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure to Freelancer through no wrongful action or inaction of Freelancer; or (z) is in the rightful possession of Freelancer, without confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure as shown by Freelancer’s then-contemporaneous written records; provided that any combination of individual items of information shall not be deemed to be within any of the foregoing exceptions merely because one or more of the individual items are within such exception, unless the combination as a whole is within such exception.To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements inExhibit 1, and will ensure Freelancer Personnel comply with such requirements, for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws. Immunity for Certain Disclosures.As set forth in the U.S. Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. section 1833, please note that a disclosure of trade secrets or other Confidential Information is immune from prosecution or civil action under U.S. Federal or State trade secret law if the disclosure (a) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Provision Applicable to New York City.Nothing in this Agreement, including but not limited to its provisions relating to confidentiality, prohibits (or should be construed as prohibiting) any Freelancer residing in, or engaged to provide services in, New York City under this Agreement from disclosing the terms of this Agreement to the Director of the Office of Labor Standards. 9. FREELANCER’S AGENTS AND SUBCONTRACTORS. Freelancer is free to rely on its employees or subcontractors to assist with performance of services under this Agreement.If at any time Freelancer has any employee, independent contractor or other person or entity performing work on Freelancer’s behalf in connection with the Project, however, Freelancer agrees Freelancer remains responsible for the quality of the Work Product and agrees to the following representations and obligations: 9.1Projectand Performance of Services. a.Work Product Ownership, Confidential Information and Other Contractual Provisions. Before any employee, independent contractor or other person or entity employed or engaged by Freelancer (collectively, “Freelancer Personnel”) performs any services in connection with the Project or has access to any Client Confidential Information or UTG Confidential Information, Freelancer will enter into a binding written agreement with such Freelancer Personnel that (i) contains provisions with the same effect as the Agreement sections titled “Intellectual Property Rights,” “Confidential Information of Upwork Client” and “Confidential Information of UTG”; and (ii) specifies that Freelancer Personnel do not have any employment relationship with Upwork Client or UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors and are not entitled to or eligible for any benefits that Upwork Client or UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors may make available to any of their respective employees. In addition, Freelancer will limit access to Client Confidential Information and UTG Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who have a reasonable need to have such access in order to perform services for the Project. b.Freelancer Personnel Not Employed by Upwork Client or UTG.Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that Freelancer Personnel are not engaged by, supervised by, directed by or assigned work by Upwork Client, UTG, or any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. Freelancer further acknowledges and agrees that neither Upwork Client nor UTG determine or control, or have the right to determine or control, any terms and conditions of employment or engagement of any Freelancer Personnel, including without limitation their selection, hiring, work assignment, work hours, compensation, work methods, discipline, working conditions, or termination. For the avoidance of doubt, Freelancer Personnel are not employees of Upwork Client or UTG or any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. Freelancer will be fully responsible for the acts, work and safety of Freelancer Personnel at all times. c. Freelancer Personnel Compensation, Taxes and Benefits.In accordance with all applicable law, Freelancer will be solely responsible for determining and paying all compensation of Freelancer Personnel and will be solely responsible for and pay any taxes, contributions and/or benefits owed to or on behalf of Freelancer Personnel. Neither Upwork Client nor UTG nor any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates will be liable to Freelancer or to Freelancer Personnel for Freelancer’s failure to perform Freelancer’s compensation, tax or benefit obligations with respect to Freelancer Personnel. Freelancer will indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client and UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors harmless from and against all such taxes, contributions and benefits and will comply with all associated governmental regulations, including the filing of all necessary reports and tax returns. d. Background Screening of Freelancer Personnel.If requested by UTG or Upwork Client and permitted by applicable law, Freelancer will conduct reasonable background screening measures with respect to Freelancer Personnel (the “Screenings”) and will be responsible for all costs and fees relating to such Screenings. Freelancer will conduct Screenings in accordance with applicable laws and will obtain written authorization from Freelancer Personnel to share the results of such screening with Upwork Client and/or UTG upon request. e. Work Diary. Freelancer agrees to record and invoice through Work Diary on the Site all work performed by any Freelancer Personnel for Projects performed on a time and material or hourly basis under this Agreement.Freelancer acknowledges that UTG has no obligation to pay Freelancer, and may not approve payment of Freelancer, for time spent on hourly Projects that is not recorded in the Work Diary. 9.2 Freelancer Responsible for Freelancer Personnel. a. Employees.With respect to Freelancer Personnel,Freelancer is solely responsible for and will comply with all applicable employment laws, including without limitation laws governing workers’ compensation, unemployment and disability insurance, health insurance and other employee benefits, wage and hour, employment discrimination and harassment, leaves of absence, and health and safety. Freelancer is responsible for providing meal and rest breaks to employees in accordance with any applicable laws and for complying with all paycheck requirements. If applicable, Freelancer will also comply with all licensing and other regulatory steps necessary to employ workers. Freelancer assumes full responsibility for any claims brought by, on behalf of or in connection with Freelancer’s employees (or other Freelancer Personnel alleging they are or should have been classified as employees) and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors harmless from and against any such claims. b. Independent Contractors.With respect to Freelancer Personnel, Freelancer is solely responsible for properly classifying and engaging any Freelancer Personnel as independent contractors or as its employees and will comply with all applicable laws defining or governing the independent contractor or employment relationship. Freelancer warrants and represents that any Freelancer Personnel treated as an independent contractor is properly classified and assumes full responsibility for any claims brought by, on behalf of or in connection with Freelancer Personnel working as independent contractors and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors harmless from and against any such claims. 9.3 Intellectual Property Rights. Freelancer agrees that all copyrightable material, notes, records, drawings, designs, inventions, improvements, developments, discoveries and trade secrets conceived, discovered, developed or reduced to practice by Freelancer Personnel, solely or in collaboration with others, during the term of this Agreement that relate in any manner to the business of Upwork Client will belong exclusively to Upwork Client. Freelancer will ensure that Freelancer Personnel execute appropriate agreements with Freelancer to confirm such ownership, narrowed if and to the extent required by applicable law to be enforceable in the applicable jurisdiction, and to confirm that Freelancer Personnel will not challenge the validity of Upwork Client’s ownership in Work Product, including without limitation the Intellectual Property Rights in Work Product. 9.4 Indemnification. In addition to the indemnification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, Freelancer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless UTG, Upwork Client and each of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors, individually and collectively, against any damage, cost, loss or expense arising from any claim, suit, proceeding, investigation, government inquiry or other action brought against UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors (a) alleging that any Freelancer Personnel is an employee of UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors or (b) arising out of the failure (whether negligent, willful, intentional, or unintended in cases of strict liability) of Freelancer to comply with this Agreement or any applicable law or regulation. 10. FREELANCER’S COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Freelancer hereby covenants, represents and warrants to UTG and to Upwork Client that (a) Freelancer will perform the services necessary to perform the Project in a timely and professional manner, consistent with industry standards, and all in accordance with this Agreement; (b) except any pre-approved Background Technology used or incorporated as part of the Work Product, the Work Product will be an original work of Freelancer and any third parties will have executed assignment of rights prior to being allowed to participate in the development of the Work Product; (c) the Work Product will fully conform to the requirements and terms set forth in this Agreement, including any Project Terms; (d) the Work Product will be free from material errors, faults and defects of any kind; (e) the Work Product will not contain any virus, Trojan horse, malicious code, trap door, time bomb, or shutdown mechanism, or any other software code or functionality that will “lock” or prevent the use of or access to the Work Product or otherwise cause the Work Product to cease functioning, or which is otherwise designed to harm any systems, servers, computers or websites of Upwork Client, UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors; (f) neither the Work Product nor any element thereof does or will infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; (g) neither the Work Product nor any element thereof will be subject to any restrictions or to any mortgages, liens, pledges, security interests, or encumbrances; (h) Freelancer will not grant, directly or indirectly, any rights or interest whatsoever in the Work Product to third parties other than the Upwork Client; (i) Freelancer has full right and power to enter into and perform this Agreement without the consent of any third party; (j) Freelancer has an unqualified right to grant the license to all Background Technology as set forth in the section titled “License to Background Technology”; (k) if Freelancer is required to possess or maintain any license, registration, or other authorization necessary to provide the Work Product or to provide independent contractor services under this Agreement, then it possess such a license, registration, or other authorization and will maintain such license, registration, or other authorization during the term of this Agreement; (l) Freelancer will not use or incorporate as part of the Work Product any Open Source Code other than as expressly authorized in this Agreement; (m) Freelancer will promptly update changes to Freelancer’s contact information as outlined in the Terms of Service; and (n) Freelancer will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to Freelancer’s obligations under this Agreement. 11. UTG DISCLAIMER; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 11.1 Disclaimer. UTG MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PROJECT, THE PROJECT TERMS, OR IN CONNECTION WITH UTG’S PERFORMANCE OF ITS OBLIGATIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES HEREUNDER, AND FREELANCER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE SAME ARE BEING PROVIDED OR PERFORMED HEREUNDER “AS IS” AND WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. UTG HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, WRITTEN, ORAL OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, AND/OR VALIDITY. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. 11.2 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL UTG, UPWORK CLIENT OR ANY OF THEIR PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OR SUCCESSORS BE LIABLE TO FREELANCER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS), EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF THEY WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY UNDER WHICH ANY SUCH DAMAGES ARE SOUGHT. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. 12. INDEMNIFICATION. Freelancer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, individually and collectively, against any and all damage, cost, loss or expense arising from any claim, suit or proceeding, actual or alleged, brought or asserted against UTG, Upwork Client and/or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors (a) alleging that any Work Product that Freelancer delivers pursuant to this Agreement or the Project infringes upon any intellectual property rights; (b) alleging that any Work Product that Freelancer delivers pursuant to this Agreement or the Project misappropriates any trade secrets of UTG, Upwork Client and any of their parents and affiliates, or any third party; (c) arising from or related to Freelancer’s breach of any representation or warranty; (d) arising from or related to Freelancer’s failure to pay any taxes or fees due as a result of Freelancer’s work under this Agreement; (e) arising from or related to Freelancer’s or Freelancer’s personnel’s failure to comply with any applicable law or regulation; or (f) arising from or related to Freelancer’s breach of any other terms of this Agreement. 13. INSURANCE. Freelancer, at its sole cost and expense, will maintain appropriate insurance in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations and in no event less than industry standards, including but not limited to unemployment and workers’ compensation insurance. Upon request, Freelancer will furnish proof of insurance in a form acceptable to UTG and the Upwork Client. 14.TERM AND TERMINATION. 14.1 Term. The term of this Agreement (the “Term”) will begin on the Effective Date and will terminate on the first to occur of: (a) the end date in the Project Terms; or (b) the date that the Project is fully completed and thus closed on the Site. 14.2 Termination with Cause. Either Party has the right to terminate this Agreement immediately in the event that the other Party has materially breached the Agreement and fails to cure such breach within 15 calendar days of receipt of notice by the non-breaching Party, setting forth in reasonable detail the nature of the breach. UTG may also terminate this Agreement immediately, in writing, in its sole discretion in the event of Freelancer’s material breach of section 5, 6, 7, 8 or 9 (including subsections), or if Freelancer engages in unlawful activities while rendering the services specified in the Project. 14.3 Return of Property. Upon termination of the Agreement or upon UTG’s or Upwork Client’s request at any other time, Freelancer will deliver to UTG or Upwork Client, as applicable, all of UTG’s or the Upwork Client’s property together with all copies thereof and any other documents or materials that contain any Work Product, Client Confidential Information or UTG Confidential Information. 14.4 Survival. The following provisions will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason: sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14.3, 14.4, 15, and 16, each including subsections. For the avoidance of doubt, Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that the license rights and other rights granted by Freelancer in section 5 above are perpetual in nature and will continue in perpetuity notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement, regardless of the cause, and the expiration or termination of this Agreement will not affect, limit, or otherwise impair such rights. 15. DISPUTES; ARBITRATION PROVISION. 15.1 Dispute Process. The Parties agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy that arises out of or relates to (a) this Agreement, (b) Freelancer’s relationship with or work or UTG, the Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors (each of which are express third-party beneficiaries of this Arbitration Provision), including without limitation any claimed employment, or the termination of any relationship referred to in this Agreement, and/or (c) the Site or the Site Services (each, a “Claim”) in accordance with this section 15 (sometimes referred to as “Arbitration Provision”). 15.2 Informal Dispute Resolution. Before serving a demand for arbitration of a Claim, or otherwise seeking relief for any Claim, Freelancer and UTG agree to first notify the other Party or Parties (the “Notice”). The Parties will then seek informal resolution of the Claim. The Notice must be in writing and include Freelancer’s name, pertinent account information, a brief description of the Claim, and the drafting Party’s contact information, so that the receiving Party may evaluate and attempt to informally resolve the Claim. The receiving Party will have 60 calendar days from the date of its receipt of the Notice to informally resolve the Claim, which, if successful, will avoid the need for further action. Notice to UTG of the Claim will be sent to Upwork Global Inc. Headquarters as listed on its Site (https://www.upwork.com/about/contact/), Attn: Legal orlegalnotices@upwork.com. Notice to the Upwork Client will be made through any means by which Freelancer communicates with the Upwork Client about the Work Product. Notice to Freelancer will be provided to the most current physical or email address on the Site. 15.3 Binding Arbitration and Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver (Does Not Apply to Freelancers Located Outside the United States and Its Territories). This Arbitration Provision applies to all Freelancers except Freelancers located outside of the United States and its territories. In the unlikely event the Parties are unable to resolve a Claim within 60 calendar days of the receipt of the applicable Notice, Freelancer, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, and Upwork Client and any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors agree to resolve the Claim by final and binding arbitration before an arbitrator from JAMS. JAMS may be contacted atwww.jamsadr.com.If for any reason JAMS will not administer the arbitration, either Party may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction with authority over the location where the arbitration will be conducted for appointment of a neutral arbitrator. a. Scope of Arbitration Agreement and Conduct of Arbitration Arbitration as provided in this Arbitration Provision is governed by the United States Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1et seq.).  This Arbitration Provision applies to any and all Claims (as defined in section 15.1). For the avoidance of doubt, Claims include, but are not limited to, all claims, disputes, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Project, the Terms of Service, escrow payments or agreements, any payments or monies Freelancer claims are due, trade secrets, unfair competition, false advertising, consumer protection, privacy, compensation, worker classification, minimum wage, seating, expense reimbursement, overtime, breaks and rest periods, termination, retaliation, discrimination or harassment and all claims arising under the Defend Trade Secrets Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. §1981, the Rehabilitation Act, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, the Equal Pay Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Affordable Care Act, the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act, the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, all state statutes or regulations addressing the same or similar subject matters, and all other federal, state or local legal claims arising out of or relating to Freelancer’s relationship with or work for UTG or the Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors and/or the termination of that relationship. The Upwork Client is an express third party beneficiary and may enforce the agreement to the full extent as though it were a signatory. Disputes between the parties that may not be subject to a pre-dispute arbitration agreement as provided by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-203) or as provided by an Act of Congress or lawful, enforceable Executive Order, are excluded from the coverage of this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein, arbitration will be conducted in Santa Clara County, California in accordance with the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures under the Optional Expedited Arbitration Procedures then in effect for JAMS.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Claims by Freelancers that allege employment or worker classification disputes will be conducted within 25 miles of where Freelancer is located in accordance with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures then in effect.  The JAMS arbitration rules may be found atwww.jamsadr.comor by searching online for “JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures” or “JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules.”  The Parties agree that any Party will have the right to appear at the arbitration by telephone and/or video rather than in person. The Parties will follow the applicable JAMS rules with respect to arbitration fees.  In any arbitration under the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures, Freelancer will pay JAMS arbitration fees only to the extent those fees are no greater than the filing or initial appearance fees applicable to court actions in the jurisdiction where the arbitration will be conducted, with UTG to make up the difference, if any.  The arbitrator must follow applicable law and may award only those remedies that would have applied had the matter been heard in court.  Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator’s decision in any court having jurisdiction. This Arbitration Provision does not apply to litigation to which Freelancer is a party that is or was already pending in a state or federal court or arbitration before the Effective Date.  This Arbitration Provision also does not apply to claims for workers compensation, state disability insurance or unemployment insurance benefits.  Either Freelancer or UTG may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for provisional injunctive relief in connection with an arbitrable controversy, but only upon the ground that the award to which that party may be entitled may be rendered ineffectual without such relief; the arbitrator will render the final judgment in the matter. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents Freelancer from making a report to or filing a claim or charge with a government agency, including without limitation the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, U.S. Department of Labor, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, National Labor Relations Board, or Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents the investigation by a government agency of any report, claim or charge otherwise covered by this Arbitration Provision. This Arbitration Provision also does not prevent federal administrative agencies from adjudicating claims and awarding remedies based on those claims, even if the claims would otherwise be covered by this Arbitration Provision. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents or excuses a party from satisfying any conditions precedent and/or exhausting administrative remedies under applicable law before bringing a claim in arbitration. UTG will not retaliate against Freelancer for filing a claim with an administrative agency or for exercising rights (individually or in concert with others) under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. b. Interpretation and Enforcement of this Arbitration Provision This Arbitration Provision is the full and complete agreement relating to the formal resolution of Claims and replaces all prior agreements between Freelancer and UTG regarding the arbitration of disputes covered by this Arbitration Provision.  Except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, this Arbitration Provision covers, and the arbitrator will have exclusive jurisdiction to decide, all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, enforcement, or application of this Arbitration Provision, including, except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Provision or whether any portion of the Arbitration Provision is void or voidable.  All such matters will be decided by an arbitrator and not by a court. In the event any portion of this Arbitration Provision is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of this Arbitration Provision will be enforceable.  If any portion of the Class Action Waiver in subsection c, below, of this Arbitration Provision is deemed to be unenforceable, the Parties agree that this Arbitration Provision will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. c. Class and Collective Action Waiver Private attorney general representative actions under the California Labor Code are not arbitrable, not within the scope of this Arbitration Provision and may be maintained in a court of law. However, this Arbitration Provision affects the Parties’ ability to participate in class or collective actions. The Parties agree to bring any dispute in arbitration on an individual basis only, and not on a class or collective basis on behalf of others.  There will be no right or authority for any dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a class or collective action, or as a member in any such class or collective proceeding (“Class Action Waiver”). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or the JAMS Rules, disputes regarding the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity or breach of the Class Action Waiver may be resolved only by a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. In any case in which (1) the dispute is filed as a class or collective action and (2) there is a final judicial determination that all or part of the Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, the class or collective action to that extent must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction, but the portion of the Class Action Waiver that is enforceable shall be enforced in arbitration. Freelancer will not be retaliated against, disciplined or threatened with discipline as a result of exercising any rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act, if applicable, by filing or participating in a class or collective action in any forum. However, any Party may lawfully seek enforcement of this Arbitration Provision and the Class Action Waiver under the Federal Arbitration Act and seek dismissal of such class or collective actions or claims. d. Right to Opt Out of the Arbitration Provision. Freelancer may opt out of the Arbitration Provision by notifying UTG in writing within 30 calendar days of the Effective Date.To opt out, Freelancer must send a written notification to UTG to Upwork Global Inc. headquarters as listed on its Site (https://www.upwork.com/about/contact/), Attn: Legal orlegalnotices@upwork.comthat includes (a) Freelancer’s account username, (b) Freelancer’s name, (c) Freelancer’s address, (d) Freelancer’s telephone number, (e) Freelancer’s email address, and (f) a statement that Freelancer wishes to opt out of the Arbitration Provision. Freelancer understands that Freelancer has the right to consult with counsel of Freelancer’s choice concerning this Agreement and the Arbitration Provision. 16. GENERAL PROVISIONS 16.1Choice of Law. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Agreement and any Claims will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of law provisions and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG); provided, however, that any Claims by any Freelancer located within the United States will be governed by the law of the state in which such Freelancer resided at the time the Project was performed. 16.2 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Section 15.3(c) governs severability of the Class Action Waiver. 16.3 No Assignment. This Agreement, and the Parties’ respective rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned or otherwise transferred by either Party without the other’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void; provided, however, UTG may assign this Agreement, its rights and its obligations to an affiliate or to any successor to its business or assets to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, sale of assets, sale of stock, reorganization or otherwise. The terms of this Agreement will be binding upon assignees. 16.4 Injunctive Relief. Freelancer acknowledges that, because its services are personal and unique and because Freelancer will have access to Confidential Information of UTG and Upwork Client, any breach of this Agreement by Freelancer would cause irreparable injury to UTG or Upwork Client for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and, therefore, will entitle UTG or Upwork Client to injunctive relief (including specific performance). The rights and remedies provided to each Party in this Agreement are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies available to such Party at law or in equity not otherwise waived by this Agreement. 16.5 Waiver. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion. 16.6 Export. Freelancer agrees not to export, directly or indirectly, any U.S. technical data acquired from UTG, Upwork or Upwork Client, or any products utilizing such data, to countries outside the United States, because such export could be in violation of the United States export laws or regulations. 16.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matters hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between the Parties with respect to such subject matters. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, or any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by Freelancer and UTG. 16.8 Electronic Acceptance. The Parties expressly agree that this Agreement may be electronically signed and accepted, and that the Site’s record of Freelancer’s acceptance will be treated, for purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility, the same as written signatures. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT VIA THE SITE, FREELANCER HAS BOUND ITSELF TO THIS AGREEMENT AND CREATED AN AGREEMENT THAT IS ENFORCEABLE AGAINST ALL PARTIES. FREELANCER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT FREELANCER HAS BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN INDEPENDENT LEGAL ADVICE WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE ACCEPTING IT, AND THAT FREELANCER VOLUNTARILY AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING OF ITS TERMS.    EXHIBIT APrivacy and Information Security Exhibit  To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements in this Exhibit for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws regarding protection of Personal Information.  Freelancer is expected to be familiar with such laws and take whatever additional security measures may be warranted by the particular circumstances. Privacy Requirements 1. Personal Information:Freelancer will collect, store, transmit, disclose, process, destroy, or otherwise process Personal Information only (a) for purposes of providing the Services and as otherwise instructed by Upwork Client, (b) in accordance with this Exhibit 1, and (c) in compliance with applicable law.  In the event of any conflict between applicable law and this Exhibit 1, Freelancer will comply with applicable law.  Personal Information includes any information related to an identified or identifiable natural person where such information is protected under applicable data protection law. 2. Notification Of Security Incident:Freelancer will notify Upwork Client of any actual or suspected security incident involving Personal Information as soon as possible after becoming aware of the incident, but never later than 24 hours after learning of the incident.  Freelancer will cooperate with Upwork Client on any investigation of the security incident.  A “security incident” is a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Information transmitted, stored or otherwise processed. 3. Security Standards:Freelancer will utilize reasonable and physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect Personal Information and comply at all times with applicable laws concerning the protection and securing of Personal Information. For as long as Freelancer has access to Personal Information or to Upwork Client’s systems/networks, Freelancer will update security practices and controls at Freelancer’s own cost. 4. Malware Protection:Freelancer will use up-to-date, commercially reasonable virus protection software (i.e. anti-virus) for the duration of the Engagement. 5. Device and Software Management:Before the start of the Engagement and at all times while Freelancer accesses any Personal Information or Upwork Client’s systems/networks, Freelancer will: Use up-to-date software and firmware that includes any current patches and updates and that is configured to automatically update/patch;Use a firewall to protect Freelancer’s own information systems;Use strong, unique passwords of at least 8 characters (with a mix of letters, numbers, and special characters where possible) for access to devices and applications;Use password-activated screensavers to lock hardware or devices after a period of inactivity;Configure devices and applications to require new passwords at least every 90 days;Ensure that multiple failed login attempts (no more than 10) to devices and applications result in lockout (check security settings on applications); andDisable Bluetooth on devices (except when use is necessary). 6. Secure Practices: Freelancer will only connect to trusted, private wireless networks that use complex passwords not known or easily accessible to the public (e.g., not Starbucks).Freelancer will not share hardware or devices with other people (roommates, spouses, children, etc.) while performing the Engagement until all Personal Information is removed/destroyed from the hardware or device.  Hardware and devices shall be housed in secure places when not in use.Freelancer will not download and install unsolicited software.  Software downloaded to hardware or devices that connect to Upwork Client’s systems/network could be used to distribute malware.Freelancer will not share passwords used to access Personal Information with anyone or post passwords near hardware or devices. 7. Disposal:When no longer needed for the Engagement, and always upon completion of the Engagement or at Upwork Client’s request, Freelancer will return all Personal Information received, compiled or created in the course of the Engagement.  Further, Freelancer will securely delete any and all copies of such Personal Information (including backups) in Freelancer’s possession (e.g., hard copies shredded, desktop/email trashcan emptied, etc.).  Personal Information in electronic form will be deleted with a “wiping” program that overwrites data on the hardware; paper documents containing Personal Information will be shredded.  Deleting files using standard keyboard commands is not sufficient because data may remain on the computer’s hard drive. Wiping programs are available at most office supply stores. Freelancer understands that a failure to delete Personal Information in Freelancer’s possession after completion of the Engagement may constitute theft of Personal Information. 8. Data Protection: Freelancer will not disclose Personal Information to a subcontractor without Upwork Client’s prior, written consent.  Freelancer will not disclose Personal Information to any other third party without Upwork Client’s prior, written consent except as required by law.  Freelancer will not ever sell Personal Information.  Freelancer will promptly notify Upwork Client of any legally binding request for the production or disclosure of Personal Information (unless prohibited by law from doing so) to allow Upwork Client sufficient time to object to the request.Freelancer will not attempt to link, identify, or otherwise create a relationship between Personal Information made available to Freelancer by Upwork Client with any other data without the express authorization of Upwork Client.In the event Freelancer access to, or storage of, Personal Information results in the transfer of Personal Information to a country outside the country where the Personal Information originated, Freelancer will, at Upwork Client’s request and to the extent required by applicable law, take such reasonable steps as Upwork Client deems necessary (e.g., execute a data transfer agreement) to comply with any law in the country of origin that restricts the international transfer of Personal Information.Freelancer will cooperate with Upwork Client’s reasonable request for assistance in responding to a request to Upwork Client by an individual to exercise his or her rights under applicable data protection law, including but not limited to requests to delete Personal Information, and requests to access Personal Information.  In the event Freelancer receives such a request directly from an individual concerning Personal Information in Freelancer’s possession, Freelancer will promptly forward the request to Upwork Client so that Upwork Client can respond to the individual.Freelancer will make available, upon Upwork Client’s reasonable request, information necessary to demonstrate compliance with this Exhibit 1 and will allow for audits or inspection by Upwork Client or its designee concerning Freelancer’s handling of Personal Information in accordance with this Exhibit 1.In the event the Personal Information relates to an individual located in the European Economic Area, Attachment A to this Exhibit 1 describes the nature and purpose of the processing of Personal Information, the type of Personal Information processed, and the categories of data subjects. Additional information on best practices for protecting Personal Information may be found athttps://www.bulkorder.ftc.gov/publications/protecting-personal-information-guide-business. Freelancer is encouraged to obtain and read a copy of this free publication.  Attachment A  Description Of The Processing  Nature Of Processing By Freelancer:   Purposes Of Processing By Freelancer:   Categories Of Data Subjects Whose Personal Information Is Processed By Freelancer:   Categories Of Personal Information Processed By Freelancer:   Freelancer agrees that all copyrightable material, notes, records, drawings, designs, inventions, improvements, developments, discoveries and trade secrets conceived, discovered, developed or reduced to practice by Freelancer Personnel, solely or in collaboration with others, during the term of this Agreement that relate in any manner to the business of Upwork Client will belong exclusively to Upwork Client. Freelancer will ensure that Freelancer Personnel execute appropriate agreements with Freelancer to confirm such ownership, narrowed if and to the extent required by applicable law to be enforceable in the applicable jurisdiction, and to confirm that Freelancer Personnel will not challenge the validity of Upwork Client’s ownership in Work Product, including without limitation the Intellectual Property Rights in Work Product. 9.4 Indemnification. In addition to the indemnification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, Freelancer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless UTG, Upwork Client and each of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors, individually and collectively, against any damage, cost, loss or expense arising from any claim, suit, proceeding, investigation, government inquiry or other action brought against UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors (a) alleging that any Freelancer Personnel is an employee of UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors or (b) arising out of the failure (whether negligent, willful, intentional, or unintended in cases of strict liability) of Freelancer to comply with this Agreement or any applicable law or regulation. 10. FREELANCER’S COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Freelancer hereby covenants, represents and warrants to UTG and to Upwork Client that (a) Freelancer will perform the services necessary to perform the Project in a timely and professional manner, consistent with industry standards, and all in accordance with this Agreement; (b) except any pre-approved Background Technology used or incorporated as part of the Work Product, the Work Product will be an original work of Freelancer and any third parties will have executed assignment of rights prior to being allowed to participate in the development of the Work Product; (c) the Work Product will fully conform to the requirements and terms set forth in this Agreement, including any Project Terms; (d) the Work Product will be free from material errors, faults and defects of any kind; (e) the Work Product will not contain any virus, Trojan horse, malicious code, trap door, time bomb, or shutdown mechanism, or any other software code or functionality that will “lock” or prevent the use of or access to the Work Product or otherwise cause the Work Product to cease functioning, or which is otherwise designed to harm any systems, servers, computers or websites of Upwork Client, UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors; (f) neither the Work Product nor any element thereof does or will infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; (g) neither the Work Product nor any element thereof will be subject to any restrictions or to any mortgages, liens, pledges, security interests, or encumbrances; (h) Freelancer will not grant, directly or indirectly, any rights or interest whatsoever in the Work Product to third parties other than the Upwork Client; (i) Freelancer has full right and power to enter into and perform this Agreement without the consent of any third party; (j) Freelancer has an unqualified right to grant the license to all Background Technology as set forth in the section titled “License to Background Technology”; (k) if Freelancer is required to possess or maintain any license, registration, or other authorization necessary to provide the Work Product or to provide independent contractor services under this Agreement, then it possess such a license, registration, or other authorization and will maintain such license, registration, or other authorization during the term of this Agreement; (l) Freelancer will not use or incorporate as part of the Work Product any Open Source Code other than as expressly authorized in this Agreement; (m) Freelancer will promptly update changes to Freelancer’s contact information as outlined in the Terms of Service; and (n) Freelancer will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to Freelancer’s obligations under this Agreement. 11. UTG DISCLAIMER; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 11.1 Disclaimer. UTG MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PROJECT, THE PROJECT TERMS, OR IN CONNECTION WITH UTG’S PERFORMANCE OF ITS OBLIGATIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES HEREUNDER, AND FREELANCER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE SAME ARE BEING PROVIDED OR PERFORMED HEREUNDER “AS IS” AND WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. UTG HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, WRITTEN, ORAL OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, AND/OR VALIDITY. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. 11.2 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL UTG, UPWORK CLIENT OR ANY OF THEIR PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OR SUCCESSORS BE LIABLE TO FREELANCER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS), EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF THEY WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY UNDER WHICH ANY SUCH DAMAGES ARE SOUGHT. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. 12. INDEMNIFICATION. Freelancer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, individually and collectively, against any and all damage, cost, loss or expense arising from any claim, suit or proceeding, actual or alleged, brought or asserted against UTG, Upwork Client and/or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors (a) alleging that any Work Product that Freelancer delivers pursuant to this Agreement or the Project infringes upon any intellectual property rights; (b) alleging that any Work Product that Freelancer delivers pursuant to this Agreement or the Project misappropriates any trade secrets of UTG, Upwork Client and any of their parents and affiliates, or any third party; (c) arising from or related to Freelancer’s breach of any representation or warranty; (d) arising from or related to Freelancer’s failure to pay any taxes or fees due as a result of Freelancer’s work under this Agreement; (e) arising from or related to Freelancer’s or Freelancer’s personnel’s failure to comply with any applicable law or regulation; or (f) arising from or related to Freelancer’s breach of any other terms of this Agreement. 13. INSURANCE. Freelancer, at its sole cost and expense, will maintain appropriate insurance in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations and in no event less than industry standards, including but not limited to unemployment and workers’ compensation insurance. Upon request, Freelancer will furnish proof of insurance in a form acceptable to UTG and the Upwork Client. 14.TERM AND TERMINATION. 14.1 Term. The term of this Agreement (the “Term”) will begin on the Effective Date and will terminate on the first to occur of: (a) the end date in the Project Terms; or (b) the date that the Project is fully completed and thus closed on the Site. 14.2 Termination with Cause. Either Party has the right to terminate this Agreement immediately in the event that the other Party has materially breached the Agreement and fails to cure such breach within 15 calendar days of receipt of notice by the non-breaching Party, setting forth in reasonable detail the nature of the breach. UTG may also terminate this Agreement immediately, in writing, in its sole discretion in the event of Freelancer’s material breach of section 5, 6, 7, 8 or 9 (including subsections), or if Freelancer engages in unlawful activities while rendering the services specified in the Project. 14.3 Return of Property. Upon termination of the Agreement or upon UTG’s or Upwork Client’s request at any other time, Freelancer will deliver to UTG or Upwork Client, as applicable, all of UTG’s or the Upwork Client’s property together with all copies thereof and any other documents or materials that contain any Work Product, Client Confidential Information or UTG Confidential Information. 14.4 Survival. The following provisions will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason: sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14.3, 14.4, 15, and 16, each including subsections. For the avoidance of doubt, Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that the license rights and other rights granted by Freelancer in section 5 above are perpetual in nature and will continue in perpetuity notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement, regardless of the cause, and the expiration or termination of this Agreement will not affect, limit, or otherwise impair such rights. 15. DISPUTES; ARBITRATION PROVISION. 15.1 Dispute Process. The Parties agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy that arises out of or relates to (a) this Agreement, (b) Freelancer’s relationship with or work or UTG, the Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors (each of which are express third-party beneficiaries of this Arbitration Provision), including without limitation any claimed employment, or the termination of any relationship referred to in this Agreement, and/or (c) the Site or the Site Services (each, a “Claim”) in accordance with this section 15 (sometimes referred to as “Arbitration Provision”). 15.2 Informal Dispute Resolution. Before serving a demand for arbitration of a Claim, or otherwise seeking relief for any Claim, Freelancer and UTG agree to first notify the other Party or Parties (the “Notice”). The Parties will then seek informal resolution of the Claim. The Notice must be in writing and include Freelancer’s name, pertinent account information, a brief description of the Claim, and the drafting Party’s contact information, so that the receiving Party may evaluate and attempt to informally resolve the Claim. The receiving Party will have 60 calendar days from the date of its receipt of the Notice to informally resolve the Claim, which, if successful, will avoid the need for further action. Notice to UTG of the Claim will be sent to Upwork Global Inc. Headquarters as listed on its Site (https://www.upwork.com/about/contact/), Attn: Legal orlegalnotices@upwork.com. Notice to the Upwork Client will be made through any means by which Freelancer communicates with the Upwork Client about the Work Product. Notice to Freelancer will be provided to the most current physical or email address on the Site. 15.3 Binding Arbitration and Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver (Does Not Apply to Freelancers Located Outside the United States and Its Territories). This Arbitration Provision applies to all Freelancers except Freelancers located outside of the United States and its territories. In the unlikely event the Parties are unable to resolve a Claim within 60 calendar days of the receipt of the applicable Notice, Freelancer, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, and Upwork Client and any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors agree to resolve the Claim by final and binding arbitration before an arbitrator from JAMS. JAMS may be contacted atwww.jamsadr.com.If for any reason JAMS will not administer the arbitration, either Party may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction with authority over the location where the arbitration will be conducted for appointment of a neutral arbitrator. a. Scope of Arbitration Agreement and Conduct of Arbitration Arbitration as provided in this Arbitration Provision is governed by the United States Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1et seq.).  This Arbitration Provision applies to any and all Claims (as defined in section 15.1). For the avoidance of doubt, Claims include, but are not limited to, all claims, disputes, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Project, the Terms of Service, escrow payments or agreements, any payments or monies Freelancer claims are due, trade secrets, unfair competition, false advertising, consumer protection, privacy, compensation, worker classification, minimum wage, seating, expense reimbursement, overtime, breaks and rest periods, termination, retaliation, discrimination or harassment and all claims arising under the Defend Trade Secrets Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. §1981, the Rehabilitation Act, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, the Equal Pay Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Affordable Care Act, the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act, the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, all state statutes or regulations addressing the same or similar subject matters, and all other federal, state or local legal claims arising out of or relating to Freelancer’s relationship with or work for UTG or the Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors and/or the termination of that relationship. The Upwork Client is an express third party beneficiary and may enforce the agreement to the full extent as though it were a signatory. Disputes between the parties that may not be subject to a pre-dispute arbitration agreement as provided by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-203) or as provided by an Act of Congress or lawful, enforceable Executive Order, are excluded from the coverage of this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein, arbitration will be conducted in Santa Clara County, California in accordance with the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures under the Optional Expedited Arbitration Procedures then in effect for JAMS.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Claims by Freelancers that allege employment or worker classification disputes will be conducted within 25 miles of where Freelancer is located in accordance with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures then in effect.  The JAMS arbitration rules may be found atwww.jamsadr.comor by searching online for “JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures” or “JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules.”  The Parties agree that any Party will have the right to appear at the arbitration by telephone and/or video rather than in person. The Parties will follow the applicable JAMS rules with respect to arbitration fees.  In any arbitration under the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures, Freelancer will pay JAMS arbitration fees only to the extent those fees are no greater than the filing or initial appearance fees applicable to court actions in the jurisdiction where the arbitration will be conducted, with UTG to make up the difference, if any.  The arbitrator must follow applicable law and may award only those remedies that would have applied had the matter been heard in court.  Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator’s decision in any court having jurisdiction. This Arbitration Provision does not apply to litigation to which Freelancer is a party that is or was already pending in a state or federal court or arbitration before the Effective Date.  This Arbitration Provision also does not apply to claims for workers compensation, state disability insurance or unemployment insurance benefits.  Either Freelancer or UTG may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for provisional injunctive relief in connection with an arbitrable controversy, but only upon the ground that the award to which that party may be entitled may be rendered ineffectual without such relief; the arbitrator will render the final judgment in the matter. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents Freelancer from making a report to or filing a claim or charge with a government agency, including without limitation the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, U.S. Department of Labor, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, National Labor Relations Board, or Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents the investigation by a government agency of any report, claim or charge otherwise covered by this Arbitration Provision. This Arbitration Provision also does not prevent federal administrative agencies from adjudicating claims and awarding remedies based on those claims, even if the claims would otherwise be covered by this Arbitration Provision. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents or excuses a party from satisfying any conditions precedent and/or exhausting administrative remedies under applicable law before bringing a claim in arbitration. UTG will not retaliate against Freelancer for filing a claim with an administrative agency or for exercising rights (individually or in concert with others) under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. b. Interpretation and Enforcement of this Arbitration Provision This Arbitration Provision is the full and complete agreement relating to the formal resolution of Claims and replaces all prior agreements between Freelancer and UTG regarding the arbitration of disputes covered by this Arbitration Provision.  Except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, this Arbitration Provision covers, and the arbitrator will have exclusive jurisdiction to decide, all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, enforcement, or application of this Arbitration Provision, including, except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Provision or whether any portion of the Arbitration Provision is void or voidable.  All such matters will be decided by an arbitrator and not by a court. In the event any portion of this Arbitration Provision is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of this Arbitration Provision will be enforceable.  If any portion of the Class Action Waiver in subsection c, below, of this Arbitration Provision is deemed to be unenforceable, the Parties agree that this Arbitration Provision will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. c. Class and Collective Action Waiver Private attorney general representative actions under the California Labor Code are not arbitrable, not within the scope of this Arbitration Provision and may be maintained in a court of law. However, this Arbitration Provision affects the Parties’ ability to participate in class or collective actions. The Parties agree to bring any dispute in arbitration on an individual basis only, and not on a class or collective basis on behalf of others.  There will be no right or authority for any dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a class or collective action, or as a member in any such class or collective proceeding (“Class Action Waiver”). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or the JAMS Rules, disputes regarding the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity or breach of the Class Action Waiver may be resolved only by a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. In any case in which (1) the dispute is filed as a class or collective action and (2) there is a final judicial determination that all or part of the Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, the class or collective action to that extent must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction, but the portion of the Class Action Waiver that is enforceable shall be enforced in arbitration. Freelancer will not be retaliated against, disciplined or threatened with discipline as a result of exercising any rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act, if applicable, by filing or participating in a class or collective action in any forum. However, any Party may lawfully seek enforcement of this Arbitration Provision and the Class Action Waiver under the Federal Arbitration Act and seek dismissal of such class or collective actions or claims. d. Right to Opt Out of the Arbitration Provision. Freelancer may opt out of the Arbitration Provision by notifying UTG in writing within 30 calendar days of the Effective Date.To opt out, Freelancer must send a written notification to UTG to Upwork Global Inc. headquarters as listed on its Site (https://www.upwork.com/about/contact/), Attn: Legal orlegalnotices@upwork.comthat includes (a) Freelancer’s account username, (b) Freelancer’s name, (c) Freelancer’s address, (d) Freelancer’s telephone number, (e) Freelancer’s email address, and (f) a statement that Freelancer wishes to opt out of the Arbitration Provision. Freelancer understands that Freelancer has the right to consult with counsel of Freelancer’s choice concerning this Agreement and the Arbitration Provision. 16. GENERAL PROVISIONS 16.1Choice of Law. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Agreement and any Claims will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of law provisions and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG); provided, however, that any Claims by any Freelancer located within the United States will be governed by the law of the state in which such Freelancer resided at the time the Project was performed. 16.2 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Section 15.3(c) governs severability of the Class Action Waiver. 16.3 No Assignment. This Agreement, and the Parties’ respective rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned or otherwise transferred by either Party without the other’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void; provided, however, UTG may assign this Agreement, its rights and its obligations to an affiliate or to any successor to its business or assets to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, sale of assets, sale of stock, reorganization or otherwise. The terms of this Agreement will be binding upon assignees. 16.4 Injunctive Relief. Freelancer acknowledges that, because its services are personal and unique and because Freelancer will have access to Confidential Information of UTG and Upwork Client, any breach of this Agreement by Freelancer would cause irreparable injury to UTG or Upwork Client for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and, therefore, will entitle UTG or Upwork Client to injunctive relief (including specific performance). The rights and remedies provided to each Party in this Agreement are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies available to such Party at law or in equity not otherwise waived by this Agreement. 16.5 Waiver. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion. 16.6 Export. Freelancer agrees not to export, directly or indirectly, any U.S. technical data acquired from UTG, Upwork or Upwork Client, or any products utilizing such data, to countries outside the United States, because such export could be in violation of the United States export laws or regulations. 16.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matters hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between the Parties with respect to such subject matters. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, or any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by Freelancer and UTG. 16.8 Electronic Acceptance. The Parties expressly agree that this Agreement may be electronically signed and accepted, and that the Site’s record of Freelancer’s acceptance will be treated, for purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility, the same as written signatures. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT VIA THE SITE, FREELANCER HAS BOUND ITSELF TO THIS AGREEMENT AND CREATED AN AGREEMENT THAT IS ENFORCEABLE AGAINST ALL PARTIES. FREELANCER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT FREELANCER HAS BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN INDEPENDENT LEGAL ADVICE WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE ACCEPTING IT, AND THAT FREELANCER VOLUNTARILY AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING OF ITS TERMS.    EXHIBIT APrivacy and Information Security Exhibit  To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements in this Exhibit for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws regarding protection of Personal Information.  Freelancer is expected to be familiar with such laws and take whatever additional security measures may be warranted by the particular circumstances. Privacy Requirements 1. Personal Information:Freelancer will collect, store, transmit, disclose, process, destroy, or otherwise process Personal Information only (a) for purposes of providing the Services and as otherwise instructed by Upwork Client, (b) in accordance with this Exhibit 1, and (c) in compliance with applicable law.  In the event of any conflict between applicable law and this Exhibit 1, Freelancer will comply with applicable law.  Personal Information includes any information related to an identified or identifiable natural person where such information is protected under applicable data protection law. 2. Notification Of Security Incident:Freelancer will notify Upwork Client of any actual or suspected security incident involving Personal Information as soon as possible after becoming aware of the incident, but never later than 24 hours after learning of the incident.  Freelancer will cooperate with Upwork Client on any investigation of the security incident.  A “security incident” is a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Information transmitted, stored or otherwise processed. 3. Security Standards:Freelancer will utilize reasonable and physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect Personal Information and comply at all times with applicable laws concerning the protection and securing of Personal Information. For as long as Freelancer has access to Personal Information or to Upwork Client’s systems/networks, Freelancer will update security practices and controls at Freelancer’s own cost. 4. Malware Protection:Freelancer will use up-to-date, commercially reasonable virus protection software (i.e. anti-virus) for the duration of the Engagement. 5. Device and Software Management:Before the start of the Engagement and at all times while Freelancer accesses any Personal Information or Upwork Client’s systems/networks, Freelancer will: Use up-to-date software and firmware that includes any current patches and updates and that is configured to automatically update/patch;Use a firewall to protect Freelancer’s own information systems;Use strong, unique passwords of at least 8 characters (with a mix of letters, numbers, and special characters where possible) for access to devices and applications;Use password-activated screensavers to lock hardware or devices after a period of inactivity;Configure devices and applications to require new passwords at least every 90 days;Ensure that multiple failed login attempts (no more than 10) to devices and applications result in lockout (check security settings on applications); andDisable Bluetooth on devices (except when use is necessary). 6. Secure Practices: Freelancer will only connect to trusted, private wireless networks that use complex passwords not known or easily accessible to the public (e.g., not Starbucks).Freelancer will not share hardware or devices with other people (roommates, spouses, children, etc.) while performing the Engagement until all Personal Information is removed/destroyed from the hardware or device.  Hardware and devices shall be housed in secure places when not in use.Freelancer will not download and install unsolicited software.  Software downloaded to hardware or devices that connect to Upwork Client’s systems/network could be used to distribute malware.Freelancer will not share passwords used to access Personal Information with anyone or post passwords near hardware or devices. 7. Disposal:When no longer needed for the Engagement, and always upon completion of the Engagement or at Upwork Client’s request, Freelancer will return all Personal Information received, compiled or created in the course of the Engagement.  Further, Freelancer will securely delete any and all copies of such Personal Information (including backups) in Freelancer’s possession (e.g., hard copies shredded, desktop/email trashcan emptied, etc.).  Personal Information in electronic form will be deleted with a “wiping” program that overwrites data on the hardware; paper documents containing Personal Information will be shredded.  Deleting files using standard keyboard commands is not sufficient because data may remain on the computer’s hard drive. Wiping programs are available at most office supply stores. Freelancer understands that a failure to delete Personal Information in Freelancer’s possession after completion of the Engagement may constitute theft of Personal Information. 8. Data Protection: Freelancer will not disclose Personal Information to a subcontractor without Upwork Client’s prior, written consent.  Freelancer will not disclose Personal Information to any other third party without Upwork Client’s prior, written consent except as required by law.  Freelancer will not ever sell Personal Information.  Freelancer will promptly notify Upwork Client of any legally binding request for the production or disclosure of Personal Information (unless prohibited by law from doing so) to allow Upwork Client sufficient time to object to the request.Freelancer will not attempt to link, identify, or otherwise create a relationship between Personal Information made available to Freelancer by Upwork Client with any other data without the express authorization of Upwork Client.In the event Freelancer access to, or storage of, Personal Information results in the transfer of Personal Information to a country outside the country where the Personal Information originated, Freelancer will, at Upwork Client’s request and to the extent required by applicable law, take such reasonable steps as Upwork Client deems necessary (e.g., execute a data transfer agreement) to comply with any law in the country of origin that restricts the international transfer of Personal Information.Freelancer will cooperate with Upwork Client’s reasonable request for assistance in responding to a request to Upwork Client by an individual to exercise his or her rights under applicable data protection law, including but not limited to requests to delete Personal Information, and requests to access Personal Information.  In the event Freelancer receives such a request directly from an individual concerning Personal Information in Freelancer’s possession, Freelancer will promptly forward the request to Upwork Client so that Upwork Client can respond to the individual.Freelancer will make available, upon Upwork Client’s reasonable request, information necessary to demonstrate compliance with this Exhibit 1 and will allow for audits or inspection by Upwork Client or its designee concerning Freelancer’s handling of Personal Information in accordance with this Exhibit 1.In the event the Personal Information relates to an individual located in the European Economic Area, Attachment A to this Exhibit 1 describes the nature and purpose of the processing of Personal Information, the type of Personal Information processed, and the categories of data subjects. Additional information on best practices for protecting Personal Information may be found athttps://www.bulkorder.ftc.gov/publications/protecting-personal-information-guide-business. Freelancer is encouraged to obtain and read a copy of this free publication.  Attachment A  Description Of The Processing  Nature Of Processing By Freelancer:   Purposes Of Processing By Freelancer:   Categories Of Data Subjects Whose Personal Information Is Processed By Freelancer:   Categories Of Personal Information Processed By Freelancer:   5.1Definition ofInventions and Intellectual Property Rights. “Invention” means any copyrightable material, notes, records, ideas, concepts, information, materials, processes, data, programs, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, artwork, formulae, techniques, or trade secrets conceived, authored, discovered, invented, developed or reduced to practice by Freelancer, solely or in collaboration with others, during the term of this Agreement, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein. “Intellectual Property Rights” means all trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, mask work rights, patents, moral rights, and other intellectual property rights recognized by the laws of any country. 5.2Definition of use of Background Technology. As used in this Agreement, the term “Background Technology” means all Inventions developed by Freelancer other than in the course of providing services hereunder and all Inventions acquired or licensed by Freelancer that Freelancer uses in performing services under this Agreement or incorporates in the Work Product. Freelancer will disclose in advance in writing to the Upwork Client and in the Project Terms any Background Technology that Freelancer proposes to incorporate into Work Product or upon which use or distribution of the Work Product will depend. The Upwork Client will have the right to reject the use or incorporation of such Background Technology in the Upwork Client’s sole and absolute discretion. If Freelancer discloses no Background Technology, Freelancer warrants that it will not incorporate any Background Technology into Work Product. Freelancer will separately provide, with each delivery of Work Product to the Upwork Client, a third-party bill of materials that identifies all Background Technology and other third-party materials that have been incorporated into the Work Product and will provide, for each item of Background Technology identified, (a) the name and any associated version number (b) the applicable license or licensing terms, (c) whether the item has been modified by Freelancer, and (d) how the item has been incorporated into, is used by, or is relied upon by the Work Product. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise agreed in the Project Terms, Freelancer agrees that it will not incorporate into Work Product or otherwise deliver to the Upwork Client any software code for which the use or distribution of the code will create (or purport to create) obligations for the Upwork Client to grant any rights or immunities under the Upwork Client’s Intellectual Property Rights to a third party, including, without limitation, any obligation that the Work Product or the Upwork Client software combined with, derived from, or distributed with such Work Product (x) be disclosed or distributed in source code form, (y) be licensed for the purpose of making derivative works, or (z) be redistributable at no charge. 5.3Ownership and Assignment of Work Product. Upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG, Freelancer hereby unconditionally and irrevocably assigns to the Upwork Client, without further consideration, all right, title and interest worldwide in and to all Work Product, including without limitation all Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Work Product. Except as set forth below, Freelancer retains no rights to use the Work Product and agrees not to challenge the validity of the Upwork Client’s exclusive rights in and ownership of the Work Product, including without limitation all Intellectual Property Rights therein. Freelancer hereby waives unconditionally and irrevocably for the benefit of the Upwork Client and its successors and assigns, without further consideration, any and all moral or similar rights in or to any Work Product (including without limitation, any rights of identification of authorship; any rights of approval; or restrictions or limitations on use, subsequent modification or development of derivative works) in which copyright may subsist in each jurisdiction throughout the world, to the extent that such rights may be waived in each respective jurisdiction. Freelancer agrees to, at the request of the Upwork Client and without any right to further consideration, sign all lawful papers, make all rightful oaths and execute all divisional, continuing, continuation-in-part or reissue applications, all assignments, all registration applications and all other instruments or papers, to carry into full force and effect, the assignment hereby made or intended to be made and generally do everything necessary or helpful for title to the Work Product, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to be clearly and exclusively owned and held by the Upwork Client. Freelancer hereby grants to the Upwork Client a power of attorney to execute any of the aforementioned documents on Freelancer’s behalf in order to give effect to the assignment hereby made. 5.4License to Background Technology. Freelancer hereby automatically upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG, and without further consideration, grants to the Upwork Client a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully-paid and royalty-free, irrevocable, non-terminable and world-wide right, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels or tiers of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make, have made, use, sell, import, offer for sale, and exercise any and all present or future rights in the Background Technology incorporated or used in the Work Product. 5.5 License to or Waiver of Other Rights. If Freelancer has any right to the Work Product that cannot be assigned by Freelancer to the Upwork Client, Freelancer hereby automatically upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG unconditionally and irrevocably grants to the Upwork Client, without further consideration and during the term of such rights, an exclusive, even as to Freelancer, irrevocable, perpetual, non-terminable, worldwide, fully paid up and royalty-free license, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels or tiers of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make, have made, use, sell, import, offer for sale and exercise any and all such rights. If Freelancer has any rights to the Work Product that cannot be assigned or licensed to the Upwork Client, Freelancer hereby automatically upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG unconditionally and irrevocably, without further consideration, waives the enforcement of such rights around the world, and all claims and causes of action of any kind against the Upwork Client, its successors and assigns, or related to the Upwork Client’s customers, with respect to such rights, and agrees, at UTG or the Upwork Client’s request and expense, to consent to and join in any action to enforce such rights. 5.6 Assistance. Freelancer agrees to, at the request of the Upwork Client and without any right to further consideration, to assist the Upwork Client in every way, during and after the term of this Agreement, to obtain and enforce United States and foreign Intellectual Property Rights relating to the Work Product, in all countries, including to sign all lawful papers, make all rightful oaths and execute all divisional, continuing, continuation-in-part or reissue applications, all assignments, all registration applications and all other instruments or papers, to carry into full force and effect the assignment hereby made or intended to be made and generally do everything necessary or helpful for title to the Work Product, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to be clearly and exclusively owned and held by the Upwork Client, including testifying in a suit or other proceeding regarding such Inventions. Freelancer hereby grants to the Upwork Client a power of attorney to execute any of the aforementioned documents on Freelancer’s behalf in order to give effect to the assignment hereby made. This power of attorney shall be deemed coupled with an interest, and shall be irrevocable. Freelancer further agrees that Freelancer’s obligations under this Section 5.6 shall continue after termination of this Agreement. 6. CONFLICTING PROJECTS. UTG and the Upwork Client acknowledge that Freelancer may enter into other contracts and accept work from any other persons or entities during the term of this Agreement; however, Freelancer agrees not to enter into a contract or accept an obligation that would conflict with the provisions of this Agreement or prevent Freelancer from meeting its obligations under this Agreement. Freelancer represents and warrants that there is no such contract or obligation in effect as of the Effective Date. Freelancer further agrees not to disclose to, deliver to, or induce UTG or the Upwork Client to use any confidential information that belongs to anyone other than UTG, the Upwork Client or Freelancer. 7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF THE UPWORK CLIENT. Freelancer agrees that during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, except as expressly authorized in writing by the Upwork Client, Freelancer (a) will not use or permit the use of Client Confidential Information (defined below) in any manner or for any purpose not expressly set forth in this Agreement; (b) will not disclose, lecture upon, publish, or permit others to disclose, lecture upon, or publish any such Client Confidential Information to any third party without first obtaining the Upwork Client’s express written consent on a case-by-case basis; (c) will limit access to Client Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who need to know such information in connection with the Project and who are likewise bound by non-use and non-disclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this section; and (d) will not remove any tangible embodiment of any Client Confidential Information from the Upwork Client’s premises without the Upwork Client’s prior written consent. “Client Confidential Information” means and includes, but is not limited to, all Work Product and all non-public information related to the business of the Upwork Client or any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors and the actual or anticipated research and development of the Upwork Client or any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, including without limitation (i) trade secrets, inventions, ideas, processes, computer source and object code, formulae, data, databases, programs, other works of authorship, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, and techniques; (ii) information regarding products or plans for research and development, marketing and business plans, budgets, financial statements, contracts, prices, suppliers, and customers; (iii) information regarding the skills and compensation of the Upwork Client’s employees, contractors, and any other Freelancers; (iv) the existence of any business discussions, negotiations, or agreements between the Upwork Client and any third party; and (v) all such information related to any third party that is disclosed during the course of the Project. Confidential Information will not include any such information which Freelancer can establish (x) was publicly known or made generally available prior to the time of disclosure to Freelancer; (y) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure to Freelancer through no wrongful action or inaction of Freelancer; or (z) is in the rightful possession of Freelancer, without confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure as shown by Freelancer’s then-contemporaneous written records; provided that any combination of individual items of information shall not be deemed to be within any of the foregoing exceptions merely because one or more of the individual items are within such exception, unless the combination as a whole is within such exception. To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements inExhibit 1, and will ensure Freelancer Personnel comply with such requirements, for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws. 8. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF UTG. Freelancer agrees that during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, except as expressly authorized in writing by UTG, it (a) will not use or permit the use of UTG Confidential Information (defined below) in any manner or for any purpose not expressly set forth in this Agreement; (b) will not disclose, lecture upon, publish, or permit others to disclose, lecture upon, or publish any such UTG Confidential Information to any third party without first obtaining UTG’s express written consent on a case-by-case basis; (c) will limit access to UTG Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who need to know such information in connection with their work for UTG and who are likewise bound by non-use and non-disclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this section; and (d) will not remove any tangible embodiment of any UTG Confidential Information from UTG’s premises without UTG’s prior written consent. “UTG Confidential Information” means and includes, but is not limited to, all non-public information related to UTG’s and/or its affiliates’, subsidiaries’, or parent company’s business and its/their actual or anticipated research and development, including without limitation (i) trade secrets, inventions, ideas, processes, computer source and object code, formulae, data, databases programs, other works of authorship, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, and techniques; (ii) information regarding products or plans for research and development, marketing and business plans, budgets, financial statements, contracts, prices, suppliers, and customers; (iii) information regarding the skills and compensation of UTG’s, its affiliates’, subsidiaries’, or parent company’s employees, contractors, and any other Freelancers; (iv) the existence of any business discussions, negotiations, or agreements between UTG, its affiliates, subsidiaries, or parent company, and any third party; and (v) all such information related to any third party that is disclosed during the course of the Project. Confidential Information will not include any such information which Freelancer can establish (x) was publicly known or made generally available prior to the time of disclosure to Freelancer; (y) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure to Freelancer through no wrongful action or inaction of Freelancer; or (z) is in the rightful possession of Freelancer, without confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure as shown by Freelancer’s then-contemporaneous written records; provided that any combination of individual items of information shall not be deemed to be within any of the foregoing exceptions merely because one or more of the individual items are within such exception, unless the combination as a whole is within such exception. Immunity for Certain Disclosures.As set forth in the U.S. Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. section 1833, please note that a disclosure of trade secrets or other Confidential Information is immune from prosecution or civil action under U.S. Federal or State trade secret law if the disclosure (a) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Provision Applicable to New York City.Nothing in this Agreement, including but not limited to its provisions relating to confidentiality, prohibits (or should be construed as prohibiting) any Freelancer residing in, or engaged to provide services in, New York City under this Agreement from disclosing the terms of this Agreement to the Director of the Office of Labor Standards. 9. FREELANCER’S AGENTS AND SUBCONTRACTORS. Freelancer is free to rely on its employees or subcontractors to assist with performance of services under this Agreement.If at any time Freelancer has any employee, independent contractor or other person or entity performing work on Freelancer’s behalf in connection with the Project, however, Freelancer agrees Freelancer remains responsible for the quality of the Work Product and agrees to the following representations and obligations: 9.1Projectand Performance of Services. a.Work Product Ownership, Confidential Information and Other Contractual Provisions. Before any employee, independent contractor or other person or entity employed or engaged by Freelancer (collectively, “Freelancer Personnel”) performs any services in connection with the Project or has access to any Client Confidential Information or UTG Confidential Information, Freelancer will enter into a binding written agreement with such Freelancer Personnel that (i) contains provisions with the same effect as the Agreement sections titled “Intellectual Property Rights,” “Confidential Information of Upwork Client” and “Confidential Information of UTG”; and (ii) specifies that Freelancer Personnel do not have any employment relationship with Upwork Client or UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors and are not entitled to or eligible for any benefits that Upwork Client or UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors may make available to any of their respective employees. In addition, Freelancer will limit access to Client Confidential Information and UTG Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who have a reasonable need to have such access in order to perform services for the Project. b.Freelancer Personnel Not Employed by Upwork Client or UTG.Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that Freelancer Personnel are not engaged by, supervised by, directed by or assigned work by Upwork Client, UTG, or any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. Freelancer further acknowledges and agrees that neither Upwork Client nor UTG determine or control, or have the right to determine or control, any terms and conditions of employment or engagement of any Freelancer Personnel, including without limitation their selection, hiring, work assignment, work hours, compensation, work methods, discipline, working conditions, or termination. For the avoidance of doubt, Freelancer Personnel are not employees of Upwork Client or UTG or any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. Freelancer will be fully responsible for the acts, work and safety of Freelancer Personnel at all times. c. Freelancer Personnel Compensation, Taxes and Benefits.In accordance with all applicable law, Freelancer will be solely responsible for determining and paying all compensation of Freelancer Personnel and will be solely responsible for and pay any taxes, contributions and/or benefits owed to or on behalf of Freelancer Personnel. Neither Upwork Client nor UTG nor any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates will be liable to Freelancer or to Freelancer Personnel for Freelancer’s failure to perform Freelancer’s compensation, tax or benefit obligations with respect to Freelancer Personnel. Freelancer will indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client and UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors harmless from and against all such taxes, contributions and benefits and will comply with all associated governmental regulations, including the filing of all necessary reports and tax returns. d. Background Screening of Freelancer Personnel.If requested by UTG or Upwork Client and permitted by applicable law, Freelancer will conduct reasonable background screening measures with respect to Freelancer Personnel (the “Screenings”) and will be responsible for all costs and fees relating to such Screenings. Freelancer will conduct Screenings in accordance with applicable laws and will obtain written authorization from Freelancer Personnel to share the results of such screening with Upwork Client and/or UTG upon request. e. Work Diary. Freelancer agrees to record and invoice through Work Diary on the Site all work performed by any Freelancer Personnel for Projects performed on a time and material or hourly basis under this Agreement.Freelancer acknowledges that UTG has no obligation to pay Freelancer, and may not approve payment of Freelancer, for time spent on hourly Projects that is not recorded in the Work Diary. 9.2 Freelancer Responsible for Freelancer Personnel. a. Employees.With respect to Freelancer Personnel,Freelancer is solely responsible for and will comply with all applicable employment laws, including without limitation laws governing workers’ compensation, unemployment and disability insurance, health insurance and other employee benefits, wage and hour, employment discrimination and harassment, leaves of absence, and health and safety. Freelancer is responsible for providing meal and rest breaks to employees in accordance with any applicable laws and for complying with all paycheck requirements. If applicable, Freelancer will also comply with all licensing and other regulatory steps necessary to employ workers. Freelancer assumes full responsibility for any claims brought by, on behalf of or in connection with Freelancer’s employees (or other Freelancer Personnel alleging they are or should have been classified as employees) and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors harmless from and against any such claims. b. Independent Contractors.With respect to Freelancer Personnel, Freelancer is solely responsible for properly classifying and engaging any Freelancer Personnel as independent contractors or as its employees and will comply with all applicable laws defining or governing the independent contractor or employment relationship. Freelancer warrants and represents that any Freelancer Personnel treated as an independent contractor is properly classified and assumes full responsibility for any claims brought by, on behalf of or in connection with Freelancer Personnel working as independent contractors and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors harmless from and against any such claims. 9.3 Intellectual Property Rights. Freelancer agrees that all copyrightable material, notes, records, drawings, designs, inventions, improvements, developments, discoveries and trade secrets conceived, discovered, developed or reduced to practice by Freelancer Personnel, solely or in collaboration with others, during the term of this Agreement that relate in any manner to the business of Upwork Client will belong exclusively to Upwork Client. Freelancer will ensure that Freelancer Personnel execute appropriate agreements with Freelancer to confirm such ownership, narrowed if and to the extent required by applicable law to be enforceable in the applicable jurisdiction, and to confirm that Freelancer Personnel will not challenge the validity of Upwork Client’s ownership in Work Product, including without limitation the Intellectual Property Rights in Work Product. 9.4 Indemnification. In addition to the indemnification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, Freelancer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless UTG, Upwork Client and each of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors, individually and collectively, against any damage, cost, loss or expense arising from any claim, suit, proceeding, investigation, government inquiry or other action brought against UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors (a) alleging that any Freelancer Personnel is an employee of UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors or (b) arising out of the failure (whether negligent, willful, intentional, or unintended in cases of strict liability) of Freelancer to comply with this Agreement or any applicable law or regulation. 10. FREELANCER’S COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Freelancer hereby covenants, represents and warrants to UTG and to Upwork Client that (a) Freelancer will perform the services necessary to perform the Project in a timely and professional manner, consistent with industry standards, and all in accordance with this Agreement; (b) except any pre-approved Background Technology used or incorporated as part of the Work Product, the Work Product will be an original work of Freelancer and any third parties will have executed assignment of rights prior to being allowed to participate in the development of the Work Product; (c) the Work Product will fully conform to the requirements and terms set forth in this Agreement, including any Project Terms; (d) the Work Product will be free from material errors, faults and defects of any kind; (e) the Work Product will not contain any virus, Trojan horse, malicious code, trap door, time bomb, or shutdown mechanism, or any other software code or functionality that will “lock” or prevent the use of or access to the Work Product or otherwise cause the Work Product to cease functioning, or which is otherwise designed to harm any systems, servers, computers or websites of Upwork Client, UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors; (f) neither the Work Product nor any element thereof does or will infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; (g) neither the Work Product nor any element thereof will be subject to any restrictions or to any mortgages, liens, pledges, security interests, or encumbrances; (h) Freelancer will not grant, directly or indirectly, any rights or interest whatsoever in the Work Product to third parties other than the Upwork Client; (i) Freelancer has full right and power to enter into and perform this Agreement without the consent of any third party; (j) Freelancer has an unqualified right to grant the license to all Background Technology as set forth in the section titled “License to Background Technology”; (k) if Freelancer is required to possess or maintain any license, registration, or other authorization necessary to provide the Work Product or to provide independent contractor services under this Agreement, then it possess such a license, registration, or other authorization and will maintain such license, registration, or other authorization during the term of this Agreement; (l) Freelancer will not use or incorporate as part of the Work Product any Open Source Code other than as expressly authorized in this Agreement; (m) Freelancer will promptly update changes to Freelancer’s contact information as outlined in the Terms of Service; and (n) Freelancer will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to Freelancer’s obligations under this Agreement. 11. UTG DISCLAIMER; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 11.1 Disclaimer. UTG MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PROJECT, THE PROJECT TERMS, OR IN CONNECTION WITH UTG’S PERFORMANCE OF ITS OBLIGATIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES HEREUNDER, AND FREELANCER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE SAME ARE BEING PROVIDED OR PERFORMED HEREUNDER “AS IS” AND WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. UTG HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, WRITTEN, ORAL OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, AND/OR VALIDITY. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. 11.2 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL UTG, UPWORK CLIENT OR ANY OF THEIR PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OR SUCCESSORS BE LIABLE TO FREELANCER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS), EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF THEY WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY UNDER WHICH ANY SUCH DAMAGES ARE SOUGHT. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. 12. INDEMNIFICATION. Freelancer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, individually and collectively, against any and all damage, cost, loss or expense arising from any claim, suit or proceeding, actual or alleged, brought or asserted against UTG, Upwork Client and/or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors (a) alleging that any Work Product that Freelancer delivers pursuant to this Agreement or the Project infringes upon any intellectual property rights; (b) alleging that any Work Product that Freelancer delivers pursuant to this Agreement or the Project misappropriates any trade secrets of UTG, Upwork Client and any of their parents and affiliates, or any third party; (c) arising from or related to Freelancer’s breach of any representation or warranty; (d) arising from or related to Freelancer’s failure to pay any taxes or fees due as a result of Freelancer’s work under this Agreement; (e) arising from or related to Freelancer’s or Freelancer’s personnel’s failure to comply with any applicable law or regulation; or (f) arising from or related to Freelancer’s breach of any other terms of this Agreement. 13. INSURANCE. Freelancer, at its sole cost and expense, will maintain appropriate insurance in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations and in no event less than industry standards, including but not limited to unemployment and workers’ compensation insurance. Without limiting the foregoing sentence, Freelancer and UTG agree that for any Project where the fees are anticipated to be over $75,000, a minimum of $1,000,000 professional liability insurance is reasonable and appropriate and Freelancer will maintain such levels of insurance.  Upon request, Freelancer will furnish proof of insurance in a form acceptable to UTG and the Upwork Client.  Freelancer agrees that Freelancer will promptly inform UTG of any cancellation or lapse in coverage required to be maintained by this Agreement. 14.TERM AND TERMINATION. 14.1 Term. The term of this Agreement (the “Term”) will begin on the Effective Date and will terminate on the first to occur of: (a) the end date in the Project Terms; or (b) the date that the Project is fully completed and thus closed on the Site. 14.2 Termination with Cause. Either Party has the right to terminate this Agreement immediately in the event that the other Party has materially breached the Agreement and fails to cure such breach within 15 calendar days of receipt of notice by the non-breaching Party, setting forth in reasonable detail the nature of the breach. UTG may also terminate this Agreement immediately, in writing, in its sole discretion in the event of Freelancer’s material breach of section 5, 6, 7, 8 or 9 (including subsections), or if Freelancer engages in unlawful activities while rendering the services specified in the Project. 14.3 Return of Property. Upon termination of the Agreement or upon UTG’s or Upwork Client’s request at any other time, Freelancer will deliver to UTG or Upwork Client, as applicable, all of UTG’s or the Upwork Client’s property together with all copies thereof and any other documents or materials that contain any Work Product, Client Confidential Information or UTG Confidential Information. 14.4 Survival. The following provisions will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason: sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14.3, 14.4, 15, and 16, each including subsections. For the avoidance of doubt, Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that the license rights and other rights granted by Freelancer in section 5 above are perpetual in nature and will continue in perpetuity notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement, regardless of the cause, and the expiration or termination of this Agreement will not affect, limit, or otherwise impair such rights. 15. DISPUTES; ARBITRATION PROVISION. 15.1 Dispute Process. The Parties agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy that arises out of or relates to (a) this Agreement, (b) Freelancer’s relationship with or work for UTG, the Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors (each of which are express third-party beneficiaries of this Arbitration Provision), including without limitation any claimed employment, or the termination of any relationship referred to in this Agreement, and/or (c) the Site or the Site Services (each, a “Claim”) in accordance with this section 15 (sometimes referred to as “Arbitration Provision”). Without limiting the rights of Upwork and UTG in any way, Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that Upwork Client may assign its Claim to Upwork or UTG and, if Upwork Client does so, Upwork or UTG may pursue recovery of damages, fees, costs and any other remedies permitted by law arising out of the Claim directly from Freelancer. 15.2 Informal Dispute Resolution. Before serving a demand for arbitration of a Claim, or otherwise seeking relief for any Claim, Freelancer and UTG agree to first notify the other Party or Parties (the “Notice”). The Parties will then seek informal resolution of the Claim. The Notice must be in writing and include Freelancer’s name, pertinent account information, a brief description of the Claim, and the drafting Party’s contact information, so that the receiving Party may evaluate and attempt to informally resolve the Claim. The receiving Party will have 60 calendar days from the date of its receipt of the Notice to informally resolve the Claim, which, if successful, will avoid the need for further action. Notice to UTG of the Claim will be sent to Upwork Global Inc. Headquarters as listed on its Site (https://www.upwork.com/about/contact/), Attn: Legal orlegalnotices@upwork.com. Notice to the Upwork Client will be made through any means by which Freelancer communicates with the Upwork Client about the Work Product. Notice to Freelancer will be provided to the most current physical or email address on the Site. 15.3 Binding Arbitration and Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver (Does Not Apply to Freelancers Located Outside the United States and Its Territories). This Arbitration Provision applies to all Freelancers except Freelancers located outside of the United States and its territories. In the unlikely event the Parties are unable to resolve a Claim within 60 calendar days of the receipt of the applicable Notice, Freelancer, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, and Upwork Client and any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors agree to resolve the Claim by final and binding arbitration before an arbitrator from JAMS. JAMS may be contacted atwww.jamsadr.com.If for any reason JAMS will not administer the arbitration, either Party may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction with authority over the location where the arbitration will be conducted for appointment of a neutral arbitrator. a. Scope of Arbitration Agreement and Conduct of Arbitration Arbitration as provided in this Arbitration Provision is governed by the United States Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1et seq.).  This Arbitration Provision applies to any and all Claims (as defined in section 15.1). For the avoidance of doubt, Claims include, but are not limited to, all claims, disputes, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Project, the Terms of Service, escrow payments or agreements, any payments or monies Freelancer claims are due, trade secrets, unfair competition, false advertising, consumer protection, privacy, compensation, worker classification, minimum wage, seating, expense reimbursement, overtime, breaks and rest periods, termination, retaliation, discrimination or harassment and all claims arising under the Defend Trade Secrets Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. §1981, the Rehabilitation Act, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, the Equal Pay Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Affordable Care Act, the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act, the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, all state statutes or regulations addressing the same or similar subject matters, and all other federal, state or local legal claims arising out of or relating to Freelancer’s relationship with or work for UTG or the Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors and/or the termination of that relationship. The Upwork Client is an express third party beneficiary and may enforce the agreement to the full extent as though it were a signatory. Disputes between the parties that may not be subject to a pre-dispute arbitration agreement as provided by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-203) or as provided by an Act of Congress or lawful, enforceable Executive Order, are excluded from the coverage of this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein, arbitration will be conducted in Santa Clara County, California in accordance with the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures under the Optional Expedited Arbitration Procedures then in effect for JAMS.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Claims by Freelancers that allege employment or worker classification disputes will be conducted within 25 miles of where Freelancer is located in accordance with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures then in effect.  The JAMS arbitration rules may be found atwww.jamsadr.comor by searching online for “JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures” or “JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules.”  The Parties agree that any Party will have the right to appear at the arbitration by telephone and/or video rather than in person. The Parties will follow the applicable JAMS rules with respect to arbitration fees.  In any arbitration under the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures, Freelancer will pay JAMS arbitration fees only to the extent those fees are no greater than the filing or initial appearance fees applicable to court actions in the jurisdiction where the arbitration will be conducted, with UTG to make up the difference, if any.  The arbitrator must follow applicable law and may award only those remedies that would have applied had the matter been heard in court.  Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator’s decision in any court having jurisdiction. This Arbitration Provision does not apply to litigation to which Freelancer is a party that is or was already pending in a state or federal court or arbitration before the Effective Date.  This Arbitration Provision also does not apply to claims for workers compensation, state disability insurance or unemployment insurance benefits.  Either Freelancer or UTG may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for provisional injunctive relief in connection with an arbitrable controversy, but only upon the ground that the award to which that party may be entitled may be rendered ineffectual without such relief; the arbitrator will render the final judgment in the matter. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents Freelancer from making a report to or filing a claim or charge with a government agency, including without limitation the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, U.S. Department of Labor, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, National Labor Relations Board, or Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents the investigation by a government agency of any report, claim or charge otherwise covered by this Arbitration Provision. This Arbitration Provision also does not prevent federal administrative agencies from adjudicating claims and awarding remedies based on those claims, even if the claims would otherwise be covered by this Arbitration Provision. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents or excuses a party from satisfying any conditions precedent and/or exhausting administrative remedies under applicable law before bringing a claim in arbitration. UTG will not retaliate against Freelancer for filing a claim with an administrative agency or for exercising rights (individually or in concert with others) under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. b. Interpretation and Enforcement of this Arbitration Provision This Arbitration Provision is the full and complete agreement relating to the formal resolution of Claims and replaces all prior agreements between Freelancer and UTG regarding the arbitration of disputes covered by this Arbitration Provision.  Except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, this Arbitration Provision covers, and the arbitrator will have exclusive jurisdiction to decide, all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, enforcement, or application of this Arbitration Provision, including, except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Provision or whether any portion of the Arbitration Provision is void or voidable.  All such matters will be decided by an arbitrator and not by a court. In the event any portion of this Arbitration Provision is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of this Arbitration Provision will be enforceable.  If any portion of the Class Action Waiver in subsection c, below, of this Arbitration Provision is deemed to be unenforceable, the Parties agree that this Arbitration Provision will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. c. Class and Collective Action Waiver Private attorney general representative actions under the California Labor Code are not arbitrable, not within the scope of this Arbitration Provision and may be maintained in a court of law. However, this Arbitration Provision affects the Parties’ ability to participate in class or collective actions. The Parties agree to bring any dispute in arbitration on an individual basis only, and not on a class or collective basis on behalf of others.  There will be no right or authority for any dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a class or collective action, or as a member in any such class or collective proceeding (“Class Action Waiver”). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or the JAMS Rules, disputes regarding the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity or breach of the Class Action Waiver may be resolved only by a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. In any case in which (1) the dispute is filed as a class or collective action and (2) there is a final judicial determination that all or part of the Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, the class or collective action to that extent must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction, but the portion of the Class Action Waiver that is enforceable shall be enforced in arbitration. Freelancer will not be retaliated against, disciplined or threatened with discipline as a result of exercising any rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act, if applicable, by filing or participating in a class or collective action in any forum. However, any Party may lawfully seek enforcement of this Arbitration Provision and the Class Action Waiver under the Federal Arbitration Act and seek dismissal of such class or collective actions or claims. d. Right to Opt Out of the Arbitration Provision. Freelancer may opt out of the Arbitration Provision by notifying UTG in writing within 30 calendar days of the Effective Date.To opt out, Freelancer must send a written notification to UTG to Upwork Global Inc. headquarters as listed on its Site (https://www.upwork.com/about/contact/), Attn: Legal orlegalnotices@upwork.comthat includes (a) Freelancer’s account username, (b) Freelancer’s name, (c) Freelancer’s address, (d) Freelancer’s telephone number, (e) Freelancer’s email address, and (f) a statement that Freelancer wishes to opt out of the Arbitration Provision. Freelancer understands that Freelancer has the right to consult with counsel of Freelancer’s choice concerning this Agreement and the Arbitration Provision. 16. GENERAL PROVISIONS 16.1Choice of Law. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Agreement and any Claims will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of law provisions and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG); provided, however, that any Claims by any Freelancer located within the United States will be governed by the law of the state in which such Freelancer resided at the time the Project was performed. 16.2 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Section 15.3(c) governs severability of the Class Action Waiver. 16.3 No Assignment. This Agreement, and the Parties’ respective rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned or otherwise transferred by either Party without the other’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void; provided, however, UTG may assign this Agreement, its rights and its obligations to an affiliate or to any successor to its business or assets to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, sale of assets, sale of stock, reorganization or otherwise. The terms of this Agreement will be binding upon assignees. 16.4 Injunctive Relief. Freelancer acknowledges that, because its services are personal and unique and because Freelancer will have access to Confidential Information of UTG and Upwork Client, any breach of this Agreement by Freelancer would cause irreparable injury to UTG or Upwork Client for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and, therefore, will entitle UTG or Upwork Client to injunctive relief (including specific performance). The rights and remedies provided to each Party in this Agreement are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies available to such Party at law or in equity not otherwise waived by this Agreement. 16.5 Waiver. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion. 16.6 Export. Freelancer agrees not to export, directly or indirectly, any U.S. technical data acquired from UTG, Upwork or Upwork Client, or any products utilizing such data, to countries outside the United States, because such export could be in violation of the United States export laws or regulations. 16.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matters hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between the Parties with respect to such subject matters. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, or any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by Freelancer and UTG. 16.8 Electronic Acceptance. The Parties expressly agree that this Agreement may be electronically signed and accepted, and that the Site’s record of Freelancer’s acceptance will be treated, for purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility, the same as written signatures. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT VIA THE SITE, FREELANCER HAS BOUND ITSELF TO THIS AGREEMENT AND CREATED AN AGREEMENT THAT IS ENFORCEABLE AGAINST ALL PARTIES. FREELANCER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT FREELANCER HAS BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN INDEPENDENT LEGAL ADVICE WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE ACCEPTING IT, AND THAT FREELANCER VOLUNTARILY AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING OF ITS TERMS.    EXHIBIT APrivacy and Information Security Exhibit  To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements in this Exhibit for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws regarding protection of Personal Information.  Freelancer is expected to be familiar with such laws and take whatever additional security measures may be warranted by the particular circumstances. Privacy Requirements 1. Personal Information:Freelancer will collect, store, transmit, disclose, process, destroy, or otherwise process Personal Information only (a) for purposes of providing the Services and as otherwise instructed by Upwork Client, (b) in accordance with this Exhibit 1, and (c) in compliance with applicable law.  In the event of any conflict between applicable law and this Exhibit 1, Freelancer will comply with applicable law.  Personal Information includes any information related to an identified or identifiable natural person where such information is protected under applicable data protection law. 2. Notification Of Security Incident:Freelancer will notify Upwork Client of any actual or suspected security incident involving Personal Information as soon as possible after becoming aware of the incident, but never later than 24 hours after learning of the incident.  Freelancer will cooperate with Upwork Client on any investigation of the security incident.  A “security incident” is a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Information transmitted, stored or otherwise processed. 3. Security Standards:Freelancer will utilize reasonable and physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect Personal Information and comply at all times with applicable laws concerning the protection and securing of Personal Information. For as long as Freelancer has access to Personal Information or to Upwork Client’s systems/networks, Freelancer will update security practices and controls at Freelancer’s own cost. 4. Malware Protection:Freelancer will use up-to-date, commercially reasonable virus protection software (i.e. anti-virus) for the duration of the Engagement. 5. Device and Software Management:Before the start of the Engagement and at all times while Freelancer accesses any Personal Information or Upwork Client’s systems/networks, Freelancer will: Use up-to-date software and firmware that includes any current patches and updates and that is configured to automatically update/patch;Use a firewall to protect Freelancer’s own information systems;Use strong, unique passwords of at least 8 characters (with a mix of letters, numbers, and special characters where possible) for access to devices and applications;Use password-activated screensavers to lock hardware or devices after a period of inactivity;Configure devices and applications to require new passwords at least every 90 days;Ensure that multiple failed login attempts (no more than 10) to devices and applications result in lockout (check security settings on applications); andDisable Bluetooth on devices (except when use is necessary). 6. Secure Practices: Freelancer will only connect to trusted, private wireless networks that use complex passwords not known or easily accessible to the public (e.g., not Starbucks).Freelancer will not share hardware or devices with other people (roommates, spouses, children, etc.) while performing the Engagement until all Personal Information is removed/destroyed from the hardware or device.  Hardware and devices shall be housed in secure places when not in use.Freelancer will not download and install unsolicited software.  Software downloaded to hardware or devices that connect to Upwork Client’s systems/network could be used to distribute malware.Freelancer will not share passwords used to access Personal Information with anyone or post passwords near hardware or devices. 7. Disposal:When no longer needed for the Engagement, and always upon completion of the Engagement or at Upwork Client’s request, Freelancer will return all Personal Information received, compiled or created in the course of the Engagement.  Further, Freelancer will securely delete any and all copies of such Personal Information (including backups) in Freelancer’s possession (e.g., hard copies shredded, desktop/email trashcan emptied, etc.).  Personal Information in electronic form will be deleted with a “wiping” program that overwrites data on the hardware; paper documents containing Personal Information will be shredded.  Deleting files using standard keyboard commands is not sufficient because data may remain on the computer’s hard drive. Wiping programs are available at most office supply stores. Freelancer understands that a failure to delete Personal Information in Freelancer’s possession after completion of the Engagement may constitute theft of Personal Information. 8. Data Protection: Freelancer will not disclose Personal Information to a subcontractor without Upwork Client’s prior, written consent.  Freelancer will not disclose Personal Information to any other third party without Upwork Client’s prior, written consent except as required by law.  Freelancer will not ever sell Personal Information.  Freelancer will promptly notify Upwork Client of any legally binding request for the production or disclosure of Personal Information (unless prohibited by law from doing so) to allow Upwork Client sufficient time to object to the request.Freelancer will not attempt to link, identify, or otherwise create a relationship between Personal Information made available to Freelancer by Upwork Client with any other data without the express authorization of Upwork Client.In the event Freelancer access to, or storage of, Personal Information results in the transfer of Personal Information to a country outside the country where the Personal Information originated, Freelancer will, at Upwork Client’s request and to the extent required by applicable law, take such reasonable steps as Upwork Client deems necessary (e.g., execute a data transfer agreement) to comply with any law in the country of origin that restricts the international transfer of Personal Information.Freelancer will cooperate with Upwork Client’s reasonable request for assistance in responding to a request to Upwork Client by an individual to exercise his or her rights under applicable data protection law, including but not limited to requests to delete Personal Information, and requests to access Personal Information.  In the event Freelancer receives such a request directly from an individual concerning Personal Information in Freelancer’s possession, Freelancer will promptly forward the request to Upwork Client so that Upwork Client can respond to the individual.Freelancer will make available, upon Upwork Client’s reasonable request, information necessary to demonstrate compliance with this Exhibit 1 and will allow for audits or inspection by Upwork Client or its designee concerning Freelancer’s handling of Personal Information in accordance with this Exhibit 1.In the event the Personal Information relates to an individual located in the European Economic Area, Attachment A to this Exhibit 1 describes the nature and purpose of the processing of Personal Information, the type of Personal Information processed, and the categories of data subjects. Additional information on best practices for protecting Personal Information may be found athttps://www.bulkorder.ftc.gov/publications/protecting-personal-information-guide-business. Freelancer is encouraged to obtain and read a copy of this free publication.  Attachment A  Description Of The Processing  Nature Of Processing By Freelancer:   Purposes Of Processing By Freelancer:   Categories Of Data Subjects Whose Personal Information Is Processed By Freelancer:   Categories Of Personal Information Processed By Freelancer:   “Invention” means any copyrightable material, notes, records, ideas, concepts, information, materials, processes, data, programs, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, artwork, formulae, techniques, or trade secrets conceived, authored, discovered, invented, developed or reduced to practice by Freelancer, solely or in collaboration with others, during the term of this Agreement, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein. “Intellectual Property Rights” means all trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, mask work rights, patents, moral rights, and other intellectual property rights recognized by the laws of any country. 5.2Definition of use of Background Technology. As used in this Agreement, the term “Background Technology” means all Inventions developed by Freelancer other than in the course of providing services hereunder and all Inventions acquired or licensed by Freelancer that Freelancer uses in performing services under this Agreement or incorporates in the Work Product. Freelancer will disclose in advance in writing to the Upwork Client and in the Project Terms any Background Technology that Freelancer proposes to incorporate into Work Product or upon which use or distribution of the Work Product will depend. The Upwork Client will have the right to reject the use or incorporation of such Background Technology in the Upwork Client’s sole and absolute discretion. If Freelancer discloses no Background Technology, Freelancer warrants that it will not incorporate any Background Technology into Work Product. Freelancer will separately provide, with each delivery of Work Product to the Upwork Client, a third-party bill of materials that identifies all Background Technology and other third-party materials that have been incorporated into the Work Product and will provide, for each item of Background Technology identified, (a) the name and any associated version number (b) the applicable license or licensing terms, (c) whether the item has been modified by Freelancer, and (d) how the item has been incorporated into, is used by, or is relied upon by the Work Product. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise agreed in the Project Terms, Freelancer agrees that it will not incorporate into Work Product or otherwise deliver to the Upwork Client any software code for which the use or distribution of the code will create (or purport to create) obligations for the Upwork Client to grant any rights or immunities under the Upwork Client’s Intellectual Property Rights to a third party, including, without limitation, any obligation that the Work Product or the Upwork Client software combined with, derived from, or distributed with such Work Product (x) be disclosed or distributed in source code form, (y) be licensed for the purpose of making derivative works, or (z) be redistributable at no charge. 5.3Ownership and Assignment of Work Product. Upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG, Freelancer hereby unconditionally and irrevocably assigns to the Upwork Client, without further consideration, all right, title and interest worldwide in and to all Work Product, including without limitation all Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Work Product. Except as set forth below, Freelancer retains no rights to use the Work Product and agrees not to challenge the validity of the Upwork Client’s exclusive rights in and ownership of the Work Product, including without limitation all Intellectual Property Rights therein. Freelancer hereby waives unconditionally and irrevocably for the benefit of the Upwork Client and its successors and assigns, without further consideration, any and all moral or similar rights in or to any Work Product (including without limitation, any rights of identification of authorship; any rights of approval; or restrictions or limitations on use, subsequent modification or development of derivative works) in which copyright may subsist in each jurisdiction throughout the world, to the extent that such rights may be waived in each respective jurisdiction. Freelancer agrees to, at the request of the Upwork Client and without any right to further consideration, sign all lawful papers, make all rightful oaths and execute all divisional, continuing, continuation-in-part or reissue applications, all assignments, all registration applications and all other instruments or papers, to carry into full force and effect, the assignment hereby made or intended to be made and generally do everything necessary or helpful for title to the Work Product, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to be clearly and exclusively owned and held by the Upwork Client. Freelancer hereby grants to the Upwork Client a power of attorney to execute any of the aforementioned documents on Freelancer’s behalf in order to give effect to the assignment hereby made. 5.4License to Background Technology. Freelancer hereby automatically upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG, and without further consideration, grants to the Upwork Client a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully-paid and royalty-free, irrevocable, non-terminable and world-wide right, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels or tiers of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make, have made, use, sell, import, offer for sale, and exercise any and all present or future rights in the Background Technology incorporated or used in the Work Product. 5.5 License to or Waiver of Other Rights. If Freelancer has any right to the Work Product that cannot be assigned by Freelancer to the Upwork Client, Freelancer hereby automatically upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG unconditionally and irrevocably grants to the Upwork Client, without further consideration and during the term of such rights, an exclusive, even as to Freelancer, irrevocable, perpetual, non-terminable, worldwide, fully paid up and royalty-free license, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels or tiers of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make, have made, use, sell, import, offer for sale and exercise any and all such rights. If Freelancer has any rights to the Work Product that cannot be assigned or licensed to the Upwork Client, Freelancer hereby automatically upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG unconditionally and irrevocably, without further consideration, waives the enforcement of such rights around the world, and all claims and causes of action of any kind against the Upwork Client, its successors and assigns, or related to the Upwork Client’s customers, with respect to such rights, and agrees, at UTG or the Upwork Client’s request and expense, to consent to and join in any action to enforce such rights. 5.6 Assistance. Freelancer agrees to, at the request of the Upwork Client and without any right to further consideration, to assist the Upwork Client in every way, during and after the term of this Agreement, to obtain and enforce United States and foreign Intellectual Property Rights relating to the Work Product, in all countries, including to sign all lawful papers, make all rightful oaths and execute all divisional, continuing, continuation-in-part or reissue applications, all assignments, all registration applications and all other instruments or papers, to carry into full force and effect the assignment hereby made or intended to be made and generally do everything necessary or helpful for title to the Work Product, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to be clearly and exclusively owned and held by the Upwork Client, including testifying in a suit or other proceeding regarding such Inventions. Freelancer hereby grants to the Upwork Client a power of attorney to execute any of the aforementioned documents on Freelancer’s behalf in order to give effect to the assignment hereby made. This power of attorney shall be deemed coupled with an interest, and shall be irrevocable. Freelancer further agrees that Freelancer’s obligations under this Section 5.6 shall continue after termination of this Agreement. 6. CONFLICTING PROJECTS. UTG and the Upwork Client acknowledge that Freelancer may enter into other contracts and accept work from any other persons or entities during the term of this Agreement; however, Freelancer agrees not to enter into a contract or accept an obligation that would conflict with the provisions of this Agreement or prevent Freelancer from meeting its obligations under this Agreement. Freelancer represents and warrants that there is no such contract or obligation in effect as of the Effective Date. Freelancer further agrees not to disclose to, deliver to, or induce UTG or the Upwork Client to use any confidential information that belongs to anyone other than UTG, the Upwork Client or Freelancer. 7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF THE UPWORK CLIENT. Freelancer agrees that during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, except as expressly authorized in writing by the Upwork Client, Freelancer (a) will not use or permit the use of Client Confidential Information (defined below) in any manner or for any purpose not expressly set forth in this Agreement; (b) will not disclose, lecture upon, publish, or permit others to disclose, lecture upon, or publish any such Client Confidential Information to any third party without first obtaining the Upwork Client’s express written consent on a case-by-case basis; (c) will limit access to Client Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who need to know such information in connection with the Project and who are likewise bound by non-use and non-disclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this section; and (d) will not remove any tangible embodiment of any Client Confidential Information from the Upwork Client’s premises without the Upwork Client’s prior written consent. “Client Confidential Information” means and includes, but is not limited to, all Work Product and all non-public information related to the business of the Upwork Client or any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors and the actual or anticipated research and development of the Upwork Client or any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, including without limitation (i) trade secrets, inventions, ideas, processes, computer source and object code, formulae, data, databases, programs, other works of authorship, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, and techniques; (ii) information regarding products or plans for research and development, marketing and business plans, budgets, financial statements, contracts, prices, suppliers, and customers; (iii) information regarding the skills and compensation of the Upwork Client’s employees, contractors, and any other Freelancers; (iv) the existence of any business discussions, negotiations, or agreements between the Upwork Client and any third party; and (v) all such information related to any third party that is disclosed during the course of the Project. Confidential Information will not include any such information which Freelancer can establish (x) was publicly known or made generally available prior to the time of disclosure to Freelancer; (y) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure to Freelancer through no wrongful action or inaction of Freelancer; or (z) is in the rightful possession of Freelancer, without confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure as shown by Freelancer’s then-contemporaneous written records; provided that any combination of individual items of information shall not be deemed to be within any of the foregoing exceptions merely because one or more of the individual items are within such exception, unless the combination as a whole is within such exception. To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements inExhibit 1, and will ensure Freelancer Personnel comply with such requirements, for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws. 8. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF UTG. Freelancer agrees that during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, except as expressly authorized in writing by UTG, it (a) will not use or permit the use of UTG Confidential Information (defined below) in any manner or for any purpose not expressly set forth in this Agreement; (b) will not disclose, lecture upon, publish, or permit others to disclose, lecture upon, or publish any such UTG Confidential Information to any third party without first obtaining UTG’s express written consent on a case-by-case basis; (c) will limit access to UTG Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who need to know such information in connection with their work for UTG and who are likewise bound by non-use and non-disclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this section; and (d) will not remove any tangible embodiment of any UTG Confidential Information from UTG’s premises without UTG’s prior written consent. “UTG Confidential Information” means and includes, but is not limited to, all non-public information related to UTG’s and/or its affiliates’, subsidiaries’, or parent company’s business and its/their actual or anticipated research and development, including without limitation (i) trade secrets, inventions, ideas, processes, computer source and object code, formulae, data, databases programs, other works of authorship, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, and techniques; (ii) information regarding products or plans for research and development, marketing and business plans, budgets, financial statements, contracts, prices, suppliers, and customers; (iii) information regarding the skills and compensation of UTG’s, its affiliates’, subsidiaries’, or parent company’s employees, contractors, and any other Freelancers; (iv) the existence of any business discussions, negotiations, or agreements between UTG, its affiliates, subsidiaries, or parent company, and any third party; and (v) all such information related to any third party that is disclosed during the course of the Project. Confidential Information will not include any such information which Freelancer can establish (x) was publicly known or made generally available prior to the time of disclosure to Freelancer; (y) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure to Freelancer through no wrongful action or inaction of Freelancer; or (z) is in the rightful possession of Freelancer, without confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure as shown by Freelancer’s then-contemporaneous written records; provided that any combination of individual items of information shall not be deemed to be within any of the foregoing exceptions merely because one or more of the individual items are within such exception, unless the combination as a whole is within such exception. Immunity for Certain Disclosures.As set forth in the U.S. Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. section 1833, please note that a disclosure of trade secrets or other Confidential Information is immune from prosecution or civil action under U.S. Federal or State trade secret law if the disclosure (a) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Provision Applicable to New York City.Nothing in this Agreement, including but not limited to its provisions relating to confidentiality, prohibits (or should be construed as prohibiting) any Freelancer residing in, or engaged to provide services in, New York City under this Agreement from disclosing the terms of this Agreement to the Director of the Office of Labor Standards. 9. FREELANCER’S AGENTS AND SUBCONTRACTORS. Freelancer is free to rely on its employees or subcontractors to assist with performance of services under this Agreement.If at any time Freelancer has any employee, independent contractor or other person or entity performing work on Freelancer’s behalf in connection with the Project, however, Freelancer agrees Freelancer remains responsible for the quality of the Work Product and agrees to the following representations and obligations: 9.1Projectand Performance of Services. a.Work Product Ownership, Confidential Information and Other Contractual Provisions. Before any employee, independent contractor or other person or entity employed or engaged by Freelancer (collectively, “Freelancer Personnel”) performs any services in connection with the Project or has access to any Client Confidential Information or UTG Confidential Information, Freelancer will enter into a binding written agreement with such Freelancer Personnel that (i) contains provisions with the same effect as the Agreement sections titled “Intellectual Property Rights,” “Confidential Information of Upwork Client” and “Confidential Information of UTG”; and (ii) specifies that Freelancer Personnel do not have any employment relationship with Upwork Client or UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors and are not entitled to or eligible for any benefits that Upwork Client or UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors may make available to any of their respective employees. In addition, Freelancer will limit access to Client Confidential Information and UTG Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who have a reasonable need to have such access in order to perform services for the Project. b.Freelancer Personnel Not Employed by Upwork Client or UTG.Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that Freelancer Personnel are not engaged by, supervised by, directed by or assigned work by Upwork Client, UTG, or any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. Freelancer further acknowledges and agrees that neither Upwork Client nor UTG determine or control, or have the right to determine or control, any terms and conditions of employment or engagement of any Freelancer Personnel, including without limitation their selection, hiring, work assignment, work hours, compensation, work methods, discipline, working conditions, or termination. For the avoidance of doubt, Freelancer Personnel are not employees of Upwork Client or UTG or any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. Freelancer will be fully responsible for the acts, work and safety of Freelancer Personnel at all times. c. Freelancer Personnel Compensation, Taxes and Benefits.In accordance with all applicable law, Freelancer will be solely responsible for determining and paying all compensation of Freelancer Personnel and will be solely responsible for and pay any taxes, contributions and/or benefits owed to or on behalf of Freelancer Personnel. Neither Upwork Client nor UTG nor any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates will be liable to Freelancer or to Freelancer Personnel for Freelancer’s failure to perform Freelancer’s compensation, tax or benefit obligations with respect to Freelancer Personnel. Freelancer will indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client and UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors harmless from and against all such taxes, contributions and benefits and will comply with all associated governmental regulations, including the filing of all necessary reports and tax returns. d. Background Screening of Freelancer Personnel.If requested by UTG or Upwork Client and permitted by applicable law, Freelancer will conduct reasonable background screening measures with respect to Freelancer Personnel (the “Screenings”) and will be responsible for all costs and fees relating to such Screenings. Freelancer will conduct Screenings in accordance with applicable laws and will obtain written authorization from Freelancer Personnel to share the results of such screening with Upwork Client and/or UTG upon request. e. Work Diary. Freelancer agrees to record and invoice through Work Diary on the Site all work performed by any Freelancer Personnel for Projects performed on a time and material or hourly basis under this Agreement.Freelancer acknowledges that UTG has no obligation to pay Freelancer, and may not approve payment of Freelancer, for time spent on hourly Projects that is not recorded in the Work Diary. 9.2 Freelancer Responsible for Freelancer Personnel. a. Employees.With respect to Freelancer Personnel,Freelancer is solely responsible for and will comply with all applicable employment laws, including without limitation laws governing workers’ compensation, unemployment and disability insurance, health insurance and other employee benefits, wage and hour, employment discrimination and harassment, leaves of absence, and health and safety. Freelancer is responsible for providing meal and rest breaks to employees in accordance with any applicable laws and for complying with all paycheck requirements. If applicable, Freelancer will also comply with all licensing and other regulatory steps necessary to employ workers. Freelancer assumes full responsibility for any claims brought by, on behalf of or in connection with Freelancer’s employees (or other Freelancer Personnel alleging they are or should have been classified as employees) and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors harmless from and against any such claims. b. Independent Contractors.With respect to Freelancer Personnel, Freelancer is solely responsible for properly classifying and engaging any Freelancer Personnel as independent contractors or as its employees and will comply with all applicable laws defining or governing the independent contractor or employment relationship. Freelancer warrants and represents that any Freelancer Personnel treated as an independent contractor is properly classified and assumes full responsibility for any claims brought by, on behalf of or in connection with Freelancer Personnel working as independent contractors and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors harmless from and against any such claims. 9.3 Intellectual Property Rights. Freelancer agrees that all copyrightable material, notes, records, drawings, designs, inventions, improvements, developments, discoveries and trade secrets conceived, discovered, developed or reduced to practice by Freelancer Personnel, solely or in collaboration with others, during the term of this Agreement that relate in any manner to the business of Upwork Client will belong exclusively to Upwork Client. Freelancer will ensure that Freelancer Personnel execute appropriate agreements with Freelancer to confirm such ownership, narrowed if and to the extent required by applicable law to be enforceable in the applicable jurisdiction, and to confirm that Freelancer Personnel will not challenge the validity of Upwork Client’s ownership in Work Product, including without limitation the Intellectual Property Rights in Work Product. 9.4 Indemnification. In addition to the indemnification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, Freelancer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless UTG, Upwork Client and each of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors, individually and collectively, against any damage, cost, loss or expense arising from any claim, suit, proceeding, investigation, government inquiry or other action brought against UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors (a) alleging that any Freelancer Personnel is an employee of UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors or (b) arising out of the failure (whether negligent, willful, intentional, or unintended in cases of strict liability) of Freelancer to comply with this Agreement or any applicable law or regulation. 10. FREELANCER’S COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Freelancer hereby covenants, represents and warrants to UTG and to Upwork Client that (a) Freelancer will perform the services necessary to perform the Project in a timely and professional manner, consistent with industry standards, and all in accordance with this Agreement; (b) except any pre-approved Background Technology used or incorporated as part of the Work Product, the Work Product will be an original work of Freelancer and any third parties will have executed assignment of rights prior to being allowed to participate in the development of the Work Product; (c) the Work Product will fully conform to the requirements and terms set forth in this Agreement, including any Project Terms; (d) the Work Product will be free from material errors, faults and defects of any kind; (e) the Work Product will not contain any virus, Trojan horse, malicious code, trap door, time bomb, or shutdown mechanism, or any other software code or functionality that will “lock” or prevent the use of or access to the Work Product or otherwise cause the Work Product to cease functioning, or which is otherwise designed to harm any systems, servers, computers or websites of Upwork Client, UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors; (f) neither the Work Product nor any element thereof does or will infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; (g) neither the Work Product nor any element thereof will be subject to any restrictions or to any mortgages, liens, pledges, security interests, or encumbrances; (h) Freelancer will not grant, directly or indirectly, any rights or interest whatsoever in the Work Product to third parties other than the Upwork Client; (i) Freelancer has full right and power to enter into and perform this Agreement without the consent of any third party; (j) Freelancer has an unqualified right to grant the license to all Background Technology as set forth in the section titled “License to Background Technology”; (k) if Freelancer is required to possess or maintain any license, registration, or other authorization necessary to provide the Work Product or to provide independent contractor services under this Agreement, then it possess such a license, registration, or other authorization and will maintain such license, registration, or other authorization during the term of this Agreement; (l) Freelancer will not use or incorporate as part of the Work Product any Open Source Code other than as expressly authorized in this Agreement; (m) Freelancer will promptly update changes to Freelancer’s contact information as outlined in the Terms of Service; and (n) Freelancer will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to Freelancer’s obligations under this Agreement. 11. UTG DISCLAIMER; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 11.1 Disclaimer. UTG MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PROJECT, THE PROJECT TERMS, OR IN CONNECTION WITH UTG’S PERFORMANCE OF ITS OBLIGATIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES HEREUNDER, AND FREELANCER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE SAME ARE BEING PROVIDED OR PERFORMED HEREUNDER “AS IS” AND WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. UTG HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, WRITTEN, ORAL OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, AND/OR VALIDITY. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. 11.2 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL UTG, UPWORK CLIENT OR ANY OF THEIR PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OR SUCCESSORS BE LIABLE TO FREELANCER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS), EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF THEY WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY UNDER WHICH ANY SUCH DAMAGES ARE SOUGHT. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. 12. INDEMNIFICATION. Freelancer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, individually and collectively, against any and all damage, cost, loss or expense arising from any claim, suit or proceeding, actual or alleged, brought or asserted against UTG, Upwork Client and/or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors (a) alleging that any Work Product that Freelancer delivers pursuant to this Agreement or the Project infringes upon any intellectual property rights; (b) alleging that any Work Product that Freelancer delivers pursuant to this Agreement or the Project misappropriates any trade secrets of UTG, Upwork Client and any of their parents and affiliates, or any third party; (c) arising from or related to Freelancer’s breach of any representation or warranty; (d) arising from or related to Freelancer’s failure to pay any taxes or fees due as a result of Freelancer’s work under this Agreement; (e) arising from or related to Freelancer’s or Freelancer’s personnel’s failure to comply with any applicable law or regulation; or (f) arising from or related to Freelancer’s breach of any other terms of this Agreement. 13. INSURANCE. Freelancer, at its sole cost and expense, will maintain appropriate insurance in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations and in no event less than industry standards, including but not limited to unemployment and workers’ compensation insurance. Without limiting the foregoing sentence, Freelancer and UTG agree that for any Project where the fees are anticipated to be over $75,000, a minimum of $1,000,000 professional liability insurance is reasonable and appropriate and Freelancer will maintain such levels of insurance.  Upon request, Freelancer will furnish proof of insurance in a form acceptable to UTG and the Upwork Client.  Freelancer agrees that Freelancer will promptly inform UTG of any cancellation or lapse in coverage required to be maintained by this Agreement. 14.TERM AND TERMINATION. 14.1 Term. The term of this Agreement (the “Term”) will begin on the Effective Date and will terminate on the first to occur of: (a) the end date in the Project Terms; or (b) the date that the Project is fully completed and thus closed on the Site. 14.2 Termination with Cause. Either Party has the right to terminate this Agreement immediately in the event that the other Party has materially breached the Agreement and fails to cure such breach within 15 calendar days of receipt of notice by the non-breaching Party, setting forth in reasonable detail the nature of the breach. UTG may also terminate this Agreement immediately, in writing, in its sole discretion in the event of Freelancer’s material breach of section 5, 6, 7, 8 or 9 (including subsections), or if Freelancer engages in unlawful activities while rendering the services specified in the Project. 14.3 Return of Property. Upon termination of the Agreement or upon UTG’s or Upwork Client’s request at any other time, Freelancer will deliver to UTG or Upwork Client, as applicable, all of UTG’s or the Upwork Client’s property together with all copies thereof and any other documents or materials that contain any Work Product, Client Confidential Information or UTG Confidential Information. 14.4 Survival. The following provisions will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason: sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14.3, 14.4, 15, and 16, each including subsections. For the avoidance of doubt, Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that the license rights and other rights granted by Freelancer in section 5 above are perpetual in nature and will continue in perpetuity notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement, regardless of the cause, and the expiration or termination of this Agreement will not affect, limit, or otherwise impair such rights. 15. DISPUTES; ARBITRATION PROVISION. 15.1 Dispute Process. The Parties agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy that arises out of or relates to (a) this Agreement, (b) Freelancer’s relationship with or work for UTG, the Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors (each of which are express third-party beneficiaries of this Arbitration Provision), including without limitation any claimed employment, or the termination of any relationship referred to in this Agreement, and/or (c) the Site or the Site Services (each, a “Claim”) in accordance with this section 15 (sometimes referred to as “Arbitration Provision”). Without limiting the rights of Upwork and UTG in any way, Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that Upwork Client may assign its Claim to Upwork or UTG and, if Upwork Client does so, Upwork or UTG may pursue recovery of damages, fees, costs and any other remedies permitted by law arising out of the Claim directly from Freelancer. 15.2 Informal Dispute Resolution. Before serving a demand for arbitration of a Claim, or otherwise seeking relief for any Claim, Freelancer and UTG agree to first notify the other Party or Parties (the “Notice”). The Parties will then seek informal resolution of the Claim. The Notice must be in writing and include Freelancer’s name, pertinent account information, a brief description of the Claim, and the drafting Party’s contact information, so that the receiving Party may evaluate and attempt to informally resolve the Claim. The receiving Party will have 60 calendar days from the date of its receipt of the Notice to informally resolve the Claim, which, if successful, will avoid the need for further action. Notice to UTG of the Claim will be sent to Upwork Global Inc. Headquarters as listed on its Site (https://www.upwork.com/about/contact/), Attn: Legal orlegalnotices@upwork.com. Notice to the Upwork Client will be made through any means by which Freelancer communicates with the Upwork Client about the Work Product. Notice to Freelancer will be provided to the most current physical or email address on the Site. 15.3 Binding Arbitration and Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver (Does Not Apply to Freelancers Located Outside the United States and Its Territories). This Arbitration Provision applies to all Freelancers except Freelancers located outside of the United States and its territories. In the unlikely event the Parties are unable to resolve a Claim within 60 calendar days of the receipt of the applicable Notice, Freelancer, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, and Upwork Client and any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors agree to resolve the Claim by final and binding arbitration before an arbitrator from JAMS. JAMS may be contacted atwww.jamsadr.com.If for any reason JAMS will not administer the arbitration, either Party may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction with authority over the location where the arbitration will be conducted for appointment of a neutral arbitrator. a. Scope of Arbitration Agreement and Conduct of Arbitration Arbitration as provided in this Arbitration Provision is governed by the United States Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1et seq.).  This Arbitration Provision applies to any and all Claims (as defined in section 15.1). For the avoidance of doubt, Claims include, but are not limited to, all claims, disputes, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Project, the Terms of Service, escrow payments or agreements, any payments or monies Freelancer claims are due, trade secrets, unfair competition, false advertising, consumer protection, privacy, compensation, worker classification, minimum wage, seating, expense reimbursement, overtime, breaks and rest periods, termination, retaliation, discrimination or harassment and all claims arising under the Defend Trade Secrets Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. §1981, the Rehabilitation Act, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, the Equal Pay Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Affordable Care Act, the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act, the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, all state statutes or regulations addressing the same or similar subject matters, and all other federal, state or local legal claims arising out of or relating to Freelancer’s relationship with or work for UTG or the Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors and/or the termination of that relationship. The Upwork Client is an express third party beneficiary and may enforce the agreement to the full extent as though it were a signatory. Disputes between the parties that may not be subject to a pre-dispute arbitration agreement as provided by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-203) or as provided by an Act of Congress or lawful, enforceable Executive Order, are excluded from the coverage of this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein, arbitration will be conducted in Santa Clara County, California in accordance with the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures under the Optional Expedited Arbitration Procedures then in effect for JAMS.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Claims by Freelancers that allege employment or worker classification disputes will be conducted within 25 miles of where Freelancer is located in accordance with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures then in effect.  The JAMS arbitration rules may be found atwww.jamsadr.comor by searching online for “JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures” or “JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules.”  The Parties agree that any Party will have the right to appear at the arbitration by telephone and/or video rather than in person. The Parties will follow the applicable JAMS rules with respect to arbitration fees.  In any arbitration under the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures, Freelancer will pay JAMS arbitration fees only to the extent those fees are no greater than the filing or initial appearance fees applicable to court actions in the jurisdiction where the arbitration will be conducted, with UTG to make up the difference, if any.  The arbitrator must follow applicable law and may award only those remedies that would have applied had the matter been heard in court.  Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator’s decision in any court having jurisdiction. This Arbitration Provision does not apply to litigation to which Freelancer is a party that is or was already pending in a state or federal court or arbitration before the Effective Date.  This Arbitration Provision also does not apply to claims for workers compensation, state disability insurance or unemployment insurance benefits.  Either Freelancer or UTG may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for provisional injunctive relief in connection with an arbitrable controversy, but only upon the ground that the award to which that party may be entitled may be rendered ineffectual without such relief; the arbitrator will render the final judgment in the matter. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents Freelancer from making a report to or filing a claim or charge with a government agency, including without limitation the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, U.S. Department of Labor, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, National Labor Relations Board, or Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents the investigation by a government agency of any report, claim or charge otherwise covered by this Arbitration Provision. This Arbitration Provision also does not prevent federal administrative agencies from adjudicating claims and awarding remedies based on those claims, even if the claims would otherwise be covered by this Arbitration Provision. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents or excuses a party from satisfying any conditions precedent and/or exhausting administrative remedies under applicable law before bringing a claim in arbitration. UTG will not retaliate against Freelancer for filing a claim with an administrative agency or for exercising rights (individually or in concert with others) under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. b. Interpretation and Enforcement of this Arbitration Provision This Arbitration Provision is the full and complete agreement relating to the formal resolution of Claims and replaces all prior agreements between Freelancer and UTG regarding the arbitration of disputes covered by this Arbitration Provision.  Except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, this Arbitration Provision covers, and the arbitrator will have exclusive jurisdiction to decide, all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, enforcement, or application of this Arbitration Provision, including, except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Provision or whether any portion of the Arbitration Provision is void or voidable.  All such matters will be decided by an arbitrator and not by a court. In the event any portion of this Arbitration Provision is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of this Arbitration Provision will be enforceable.  If any portion of the Class Action Waiver in subsection c, below, of this Arbitration Provision is deemed to be unenforceable, the Parties agree that this Arbitration Provision will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. c. Class and Collective Action Waiver Private attorney general representative actions under the California Labor Code are not arbitrable, not within the scope of this Arbitration Provision and may be maintained in a court of law. However, this Arbitration Provision affects the Parties’ ability to participate in class or collective actions. The Parties agree to bring any dispute in arbitration on an individual basis only, and not on a class or collective basis on behalf of others.  There will be no right or authority for any dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a class or collective action, or as a member in any such class or collective proceeding (“Class Action Waiver”). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or the JAMS Rules, disputes regarding the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity or breach of the Class Action Waiver may be resolved only by a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. In any case in which (1) the dispute is filed as a class or collective action and (2) there is a final judicial determination that all or part of the Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, the class or collective action to that extent must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction, but the portion of the Class Action Waiver that is enforceable shall be enforced in arbitration. Freelancer will not be retaliated against, disciplined or threatened with discipline as a result of exercising any rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act, if applicable, by filing or participating in a class or collective action in any forum. However, any Party may lawfully seek enforcement of this Arbitration Provision and the Class Action Waiver under the Federal Arbitration Act and seek dismissal of such class or collective actions or claims. d. Right to Opt Out of the Arbitration Provision. Freelancer may opt out of the Arbitration Provision by notifying UTG in writing within 30 calendar days of the Effective Date.To opt out, Freelancer must send a written notification to UTG to Upwork Global Inc. headquarters as listed on its Site (https://www.upwork.com/about/contact/), Attn: Legal orlegalnotices@upwork.comthat includes (a) Freelancer’s account username, (b) Freelancer’s name, (c) Freelancer’s address, (d) Freelancer’s telephone number, (e) Freelancer’s email address, and (f) a statement that Freelancer wishes to opt out of the Arbitration Provision. Freelancer understands that Freelancer has the right to consult with counsel of Freelancer’s choice concerning this Agreement and the Arbitration Provision. 16. GENERAL PROVISIONS 16.1Choice of Law. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Agreement and any Claims will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of law provisions and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG); provided, however, that any Claims by any Freelancer located within the United States will be governed by the law of the state in which such Freelancer resided at the time the Project was performed. 16.2 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Section 15.3(c) governs severability of the Class Action Waiver. 16.3 No Assignment. This Agreement, and the Parties’ respective rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned or otherwise transferred by either Party without the other’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void; provided, however, UTG may assign this Agreement, its rights and its obligations to an affiliate or to any successor to its business or assets to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, sale of assets, sale of stock, reorganization or otherwise. The terms of this Agreement will be binding upon assignees. 16.4 Injunctive Relief. Freelancer acknowledges that, because its services are personal and unique and because Freelancer will have access to Confidential Information of UTG and Upwork Client, any breach of this Agreement by Freelancer would cause irreparable injury to UTG or Upwork Client for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and, therefore, will entitle UTG or Upwork Client to injunctive relief (including specific performance). The rights and remedies provided to each Party in this Agreement are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies available to such Party at law or in equity not otherwise waived by this Agreement. 16.5 Waiver. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion. 16.6 Export. Freelancer agrees not to export, directly or indirectly, any U.S. technical data acquired from UTG, Upwork or Upwork Client, or any products utilizing such data, to countries outside the United States, because such export could be in violation of the United States export laws or regulations. 16.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matters hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between the Parties with respect to such subject matters. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, or any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by Freelancer and UTG. 16.8 Electronic Acceptance. The Parties expressly agree that this Agreement may be electronically signed and accepted, and that the Site’s record of Freelancer’s acceptance will be treated, for purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility, the same as written signatures. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT VIA THE SITE, FREELANCER HAS BOUND ITSELF TO THIS AGREEMENT AND CREATED AN AGREEMENT THAT IS ENFORCEABLE AGAINST ALL PARTIES. FREELANCER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT FREELANCER HAS BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN INDEPENDENT LEGAL ADVICE WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE ACCEPTING IT, AND THAT FREELANCER VOLUNTARILY AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING OF ITS TERMS.    EXHIBIT APrivacy and Information Security Exhibit  To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements in this Exhibit for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws regarding protection of Personal Information.  Freelancer is expected to be familiar with such laws and take whatever additional security measures may be warranted by the particular circumstances. Privacy Requirements 1. Personal Information:Freelancer will collect, store, transmit, disclose, process, destroy, or otherwise process Personal Information only (a) for purposes of providing the Services and as otherwise instructed by Upwork Client, (b) in accordance with this Exhibit 1, and (c) in compliance with applicable law.  In the event of any conflict between applicable law and this Exhibit 1, Freelancer will comply with applicable law.  Personal Information includes any information related to an identified or identifiable natural person where such information is protected under applicable data protection law. 2. Notification Of Security Incident:Freelancer will notify Upwork Client of any actual or suspected security incident involving Personal Information as soon as possible after becoming aware of the incident, but never later than 24 hours after learning of the incident.  Freelancer will cooperate with Upwork Client on any investigation of the security incident.  A “security incident” is a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Information transmitted, stored or otherwise processed. 3. Security Standards:Freelancer will utilize reasonable and physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect Personal Information and comply at all times with applicable laws concerning the protection and securing of Personal Information. For as long as Freelancer has access to Personal Information or to Upwork Client’s systems/networks, Freelancer will update security practices and controls at Freelancer’s own cost. 4. Malware Protection:Freelancer will use up-to-date, commercially reasonable virus protection software (i.e. anti-virus) for the duration of the Engagement. 5. Device and Software Management:Before the start of the Engagement and at all times while Freelancer accesses any Personal Information or Upwork Client’s systems/networks, Freelancer will: Use up-to-date software and firmware that includes any current patches and updates and that is configured to automatically update/patch;Use a firewall to protect Freelancer’s own information systems;Use strong, unique passwords of at least 8 characters (with a mix of letters, numbers, and special characters where possible) for access to devices and applications;Use password-activated screensavers to lock hardware or devices after a period of inactivity;Configure devices and applications to require new passwords at least every 90 days;Ensure that multiple failed login attempts (no more than 10) to devices and applications result in lockout (check security settings on applications); andDisable Bluetooth on devices (except when use is necessary). 6. Secure Practices: Freelancer will only connect to trusted, private wireless networks that use complex passwords not known or easily accessible to the public (e.g., not Starbucks).Freelancer will not share hardware or devices with other people (roommates, spouses, children, etc.) while performing the Engagement until all Personal Information is removed/destroyed from the hardware or device.  Hardware and devices shall be housed in secure places when not in use.Freelancer will not download and install unsolicited software.  Software downloaded to hardware or devices that connect to Upwork Client’s systems/network could be used to distribute malware.Freelancer will not share passwords used to access Personal Information with anyone or post passwords near hardware or devices. 7. Disposal:When no longer needed for the Engagement, and always upon completion of the Engagement or at Upwork Client’s request, Freelancer will return all Personal Information received, compiled or created in the course of the Engagement.  Further, Freelancer will securely delete any and all copies of such Personal Information (including backups) in Freelancer’s possession (e.g., hard copies shredded, desktop/email trashcan emptied, etc.).  Personal Information in electronic form will be deleted with a “wiping” program that overwrites data on the hardware; paper documents containing Personal Information will be shredded.  Deleting files using standard keyboard commands is not sufficient because data may remain on the computer’s hard drive. Wiping programs are available at most office supply stores. Freelancer understands that a failure to delete Personal Information in Freelancer’s possession after completion of the Engagement may constitute theft of Personal Information. 8. Data Protection: Freelancer will not disclose Personal Information to a subcontractor without Upwork Client’s prior, written consent.  Freelancer will not disclose Personal Information to any other third party without Upwork Client’s prior, written consent except as required by law.  Freelancer will not ever sell Personal Information.  Freelancer will promptly notify Upwork Client of any legally binding request for the production or disclosure of Personal Information (unless prohibited by law from doing so) to allow Upwork Client sufficient time to object to the request.Freelancer will not attempt to link, identify, or otherwise create a relationship between Personal Information made available to Freelancer by Upwork Client with any other data without the express authorization of Upwork Client.In the event Freelancer access to, or storage of, Personal Information results in the transfer of Personal Information to a country outside the country where the Personal Information originated, Freelancer will, at Upwork Client’s request and to the extent required by applicable law, take such reasonable steps as Upwork Client deems necessary (e.g., execute a data transfer agreement) to comply with any law in the country of origin that restricts the international transfer of Personal Information.Freelancer will cooperate with Upwork Client’s reasonable request for assistance in responding to a request to Upwork Client by an individual to exercise his or her rights under applicable data protection law, including but not limited to requests to delete Personal Information, and requests to access Personal Information.  In the event Freelancer receives such a request directly from an individual concerning Personal Information in Freelancer’s possession, Freelancer will promptly forward the request to Upwork Client so that Upwork Client can respond to the individual.Freelancer will make available, upon Upwork Client’s reasonable request, information necessary to demonstrate compliance with this Exhibit 1 and will allow for audits or inspection by Upwork Client or its designee concerning Freelancer’s handling of Personal Information in accordance with this Exhibit 1.In the event the Personal Information relates to an individual located in the European Economic Area, Attachment A to this Exhibit 1 describes the nature and purpose of the processing of Personal Information, the type of Personal Information processed, and the categories of data subjects. Additional information on best practices for protecting Personal Information may be found athttps://www.bulkorder.ftc.gov/publications/protecting-personal-information-guide-business. Freelancer is encouraged to obtain and read a copy of this free publication.  Attachment A  Description Of The Processing  Nature Of Processing By Freelancer:   Purposes Of Processing By Freelancer:   Categories Of Data Subjects Whose Personal Information Is Processed By Freelancer:   Categories Of Personal Information Processed By Freelancer:   If Freelancer has any right to the Work Product that cannot be assigned by Freelancer to the Upwork Client, Freelancer hereby automatically upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG unconditionally and irrevocably grants to the Upwork Client, without further consideration and during the term of such rights, an exclusive, even as to Freelancer, irrevocable, perpetual, non-terminable, worldwide, fully paid up and royalty-free license, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels or tiers of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make, have made, use, sell, import, offer for sale and exercise any and all such rights. If Freelancer has any rights to the Work Product that cannot be assigned or licensed to the Upwork Client, Freelancer hereby automatically upon receipt of payment of undisputed amounts from UTG unconditionally and irrevocably, without further consideration, waives the enforcement of such rights around the world, and all claims and causes of action of any kind against the Upwork Client, its successors and assigns, or related to the Upwork Client’s customers, with respect to such rights, and agrees, at UTG or the Upwork Client’s request and expense, to consent to and join in any action to enforce such rights. 5.6 Assistance. Freelancer agrees to, at the request of the Upwork Client and without any right to further consideration, to assist the Upwork Client in every way, during and after the term of this Agreement, to obtain and enforce United States and foreign Intellectual Property Rights relating to the Work Product, in all countries, including to sign all lawful papers, make all rightful oaths and execute all divisional, continuing, continuation-in-part or reissue applications, all assignments, all registration applications and all other instruments or papers, to carry into full force and effect the assignment hereby made or intended to be made and generally do everything necessary or helpful for title to the Work Product, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to be clearly and exclusively owned and held by the Upwork Client, including testifying in a suit or other proceeding regarding such Inventions. Freelancer hereby grants to the Upwork Client a power of attorney to execute any of the aforementioned documents on Freelancer’s behalf in order to give effect to the assignment hereby made. This power of attorney shall be deemed coupled with an interest, and shall be irrevocable. Freelancer further agrees that Freelancer’s obligations under this Section 5.6 shall continue after termination of this Agreement. 6. CONFLICTING PROJECTS. UTG and the Upwork Client acknowledge that Freelancer may enter into other contracts and accept work from any other persons or entities during the term of this Agreement; however, Freelancer agrees not to enter into a contract or accept an obligation that would conflict with the provisions of this Agreement or prevent Freelancer from meeting its obligations under this Agreement. Freelancer represents and warrants that there is no such contract or obligation in effect as of the Effective Date. Freelancer further agrees not to disclose to, deliver to, or induce UTG or the Upwork Client to use any confidential information that belongs to anyone other than UTG, the Upwork Client or Freelancer. 7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF THE UPWORK CLIENT. Freelancer agrees that during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, except as expressly authorized in writing by the Upwork Client, Freelancer (a) will not use or permit the use of Client Confidential Information (defined below) in any manner or for any purpose not expressly set forth in this Agreement; (b) will not disclose, lecture upon, publish, or permit others to disclose, lecture upon, or publish any such Client Confidential Information to any third party without first obtaining the Upwork Client’s express written consent on a case-by-case basis; (c) will limit access to Client Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who need to know such information in connection with the Project and who are likewise bound by non-use and non-disclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this section; and (d) will not remove any tangible embodiment of any Client Confidential Information from the Upwork Client’s premises without the Upwork Client’s prior written consent. “Client Confidential Information” means and includes, but is not limited to, all Work Product and all non-public information related to the business of the Upwork Client or any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors and the actual or anticipated research and development of the Upwork Client or any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, including without limitation (i) trade secrets, inventions, ideas, processes, computer source and object code, formulae, data, databases, programs, other works of authorship, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, and techniques; (ii) information regarding products or plans for research and development, marketing and business plans, budgets, financial statements, contracts, prices, suppliers, and customers; (iii) information regarding the skills and compensation of the Upwork Client’s employees, contractors, and any other Freelancers; (iv) the existence of any business discussions, negotiations, or agreements between the Upwork Client and any third party; and (v) all such information related to any third party that is disclosed during the course of the Project. Confidential Information will not include any such information which Freelancer can establish (x) was publicly known or made generally available prior to the time of disclosure to Freelancer; (y) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure to Freelancer through no wrongful action or inaction of Freelancer; or (z) is in the rightful possession of Freelancer, without confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure as shown by Freelancer’s then-contemporaneous written records; provided that any combination of individual items of information shall not be deemed to be within any of the foregoing exceptions merely because one or more of the individual items are within such exception, unless the combination as a whole is within such exception. To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements inExhibit 1, and will ensure Freelancer Personnel comply with such requirements, for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws. 8. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF UTG. Freelancer agrees that during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, except as expressly authorized in writing by UTG, it (a) will not use or permit the use of UTG Confidential Information (defined below) in any manner or for any purpose not expressly set forth in this Agreement; (b) will not disclose, lecture upon, publish, or permit others to disclose, lecture upon, or publish any such UTG Confidential Information to any third party without first obtaining UTG’s express written consent on a case-by-case basis; (c) will limit access to UTG Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who need to know such information in connection with their work for UTG and who are likewise bound by non-use and non-disclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in this section; and (d) will not remove any tangible embodiment of any UTG Confidential Information from UTG’s premises without UTG’s prior written consent. “UTG Confidential Information” means and includes, but is not limited to, all non-public information related to UTG’s and/or its affiliates’, subsidiaries’, or parent company’s business and its/their actual or anticipated research and development, including without limitation (i) trade secrets, inventions, ideas, processes, computer source and object code, formulae, data, databases programs, other works of authorship, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, and techniques; (ii) information regarding products or plans for research and development, marketing and business plans, budgets, financial statements, contracts, prices, suppliers, and customers; (iii) information regarding the skills and compensation of UTG’s, its affiliates’, subsidiaries’, or parent company’s employees, contractors, and any other Freelancers; (iv) the existence of any business discussions, negotiations, or agreements between UTG, its affiliates, subsidiaries, or parent company, and any third party; and (v) all such information related to any third party that is disclosed during the course of the Project. Confidential Information will not include any such information which Freelancer can establish (x) was publicly known or made generally available prior to the time of disclosure to Freelancer; (y) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure to Freelancer through no wrongful action or inaction of Freelancer; or (z) is in the rightful possession of Freelancer, without confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure as shown by Freelancer’s then-contemporaneous written records; provided that any combination of individual items of information shall not be deemed to be within any of the foregoing exceptions merely because one or more of the individual items are within such exception, unless the combination as a whole is within such exception. Immunity for Certain Disclosures.As set forth in the U.S. Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. section 1833, please note that a disclosure of trade secrets or other Confidential Information is immune from prosecution or civil action under U.S. Federal or State trade secret law if the disclosure (a) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Provision Applicable to New York City.Nothing in this Agreement, including but not limited to its provisions relating to confidentiality, prohibits (or should be construed as prohibiting) any Freelancer residing in, or engaged to provide services in, New York City under this Agreement from disclosing the terms of this Agreement to the Director of the Office of Labor Standards. 9. FREELANCER’S AGENTS AND SUBCONTRACTORS. Freelancer is free to rely on its employees or subcontractors to assist with performance of services under this Agreement.If at any time Freelancer has any employee, independent contractor or other person or entity performing work on Freelancer’s behalf in connection with the Project, however, Freelancer agrees Freelancer remains responsible for the quality of the Work Product and agrees to the following representations and obligations: 9.1Projectand Performance of Services. a.Work Product Ownership, Confidential Information and Other Contractual Provisions. Before any employee, independent contractor or other person or entity employed or engaged by Freelancer (collectively, “Freelancer Personnel”) performs any services in connection with the Project or has access to any Client Confidential Information or UTG Confidential Information, Freelancer will enter into a binding written agreement with such Freelancer Personnel that (i) contains provisions with the same effect as the Agreement sections titled “Intellectual Property Rights,” “Confidential Information of Upwork Client” and “Confidential Information of UTG”; and (ii) specifies that Freelancer Personnel do not have any employment relationship with Upwork Client or UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors and are not entitled to or eligible for any benefits that Upwork Client or UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors may make available to any of their respective employees. In addition, Freelancer will limit access to Client Confidential Information and UTG Confidential Information to Freelancer Personnel who have a reasonable need to have such access in order to perform services for the Project. b.Freelancer Personnel Not Employed by Upwork Client or UTG.Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that Freelancer Personnel are not engaged by, supervised by, directed by or assigned work by Upwork Client, UTG, or any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. Freelancer further acknowledges and agrees that neither Upwork Client nor UTG determine or control, or have the right to determine or control, any terms and conditions of employment or engagement of any Freelancer Personnel, including without limitation their selection, hiring, work assignment, work hours, compensation, work methods, discipline, working conditions, or termination. For the avoidance of doubt, Freelancer Personnel are not employees of Upwork Client or UTG or any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates. Freelancer will be fully responsible for the acts, work and safety of Freelancer Personnel at all times. c. Freelancer Personnel Compensation, Taxes and Benefits.In accordance with all applicable law, Freelancer will be solely responsible for determining and paying all compensation of Freelancer Personnel and will be solely responsible for and pay any taxes, contributions and/or benefits owed to or on behalf of Freelancer Personnel. Neither Upwork Client nor UTG nor any of their respective parents, subsidiaries or affiliates will be liable to Freelancer or to Freelancer Personnel for Freelancer’s failure to perform Freelancer’s compensation, tax or benefit obligations with respect to Freelancer Personnel. Freelancer will indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client and UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors harmless from and against all such taxes, contributions and benefits and will comply with all associated governmental regulations, including the filing of all necessary reports and tax returns. d. Background Screening of Freelancer Personnel.If requested by UTG or Upwork Client and permitted by applicable law, Freelancer will conduct reasonable background screening measures with respect to Freelancer Personnel (the “Screenings”) and will be responsible for all costs and fees relating to such Screenings. Freelancer will conduct Screenings in accordance with applicable laws and will obtain written authorization from Freelancer Personnel to share the results of such screening with Upwork Client and/or UTG upon request. e. Work Diary. Freelancer agrees to record and invoice through Work Diary on the Site all work performed by any Freelancer Personnel for Projects performed on a time and material or hourly basis under this Agreement.Freelancer acknowledges that UTG has no obligation to pay Freelancer, and may not approve payment of Freelancer, for time spent on hourly Projects that is not recorded in the Work Diary. 9.2 Freelancer Responsible for Freelancer Personnel. a. Employees.With respect to Freelancer Personnel,Freelancer is solely responsible for and will comply with all applicable employment laws, including without limitation laws governing workers’ compensation, unemployment and disability insurance, health insurance and other employee benefits, wage and hour, employment discrimination and harassment, leaves of absence, and health and safety. Freelancer is responsible for providing meal and rest breaks to employees in accordance with any applicable laws and for complying with all paycheck requirements. If applicable, Freelancer will also comply with all licensing and other regulatory steps necessary to employ workers. Freelancer assumes full responsibility for any claims brought by, on behalf of or in connection with Freelancer’s employees (or other Freelancer Personnel alleging they are or should have been classified as employees) and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors harmless from and against any such claims. b. Independent Contractors.With respect to Freelancer Personnel, Freelancer is solely responsible for properly classifying and engaging any Freelancer Personnel as independent contractors or as its employees and will comply with all applicable laws defining or governing the independent contractor or employment relationship. Freelancer warrants and represents that any Freelancer Personnel treated as an independent contractor is properly classified and assumes full responsibility for any claims brought by, on behalf of or in connection with Freelancer Personnel working as independent contractors and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Upwork Client, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors harmless from and against any such claims. 9.3 Intellectual Property Rights. Freelancer agrees that all copyrightable material, notes, records, drawings, designs, inventions, improvements, developments, discoveries and trade secrets conceived, discovered, developed or reduced to practice by Freelancer Personnel, solely or in collaboration with others, during the term of this Agreement that relate in any manner to the business of Upwork Client will belong exclusively to Upwork Client. Freelancer will ensure that Freelancer Personnel execute appropriate agreements with Freelancer to confirm such ownership, narrowed if and to the extent required by applicable law to be enforceable in the applicable jurisdiction, and to confirm that Freelancer Personnel will not challenge the validity of Upwork Client’s ownership in Work Product, including without limitation the Intellectual Property Rights in Work Product. 9.4 Indemnification. In addition to the indemnification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, Freelancer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless UTG, Upwork Client and each of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors, individually and collectively, against any damage, cost, loss or expense arising from any claim, suit, proceeding, investigation, government inquiry or other action brought against UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors (a) alleging that any Freelancer Personnel is an employee of UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors or (b) arising out of the failure (whether negligent, willful, intentional, or unintended in cases of strict liability) of Freelancer to comply with this Agreement or any applicable law or regulation. 10. FREELANCER’S COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Freelancer hereby covenants, represents and warrants to UTG and to Upwork Client that (a) Freelancer will perform the services necessary to perform the Project in a timely and professional manner, consistent with industry standards, and all in accordance with this Agreement; (b) except any pre-approved Background Technology used or incorporated as part of the Work Product, the Work Product will be an original work of Freelancer and any third parties will have executed assignment of rights prior to being allowed to participate in the development of the Work Product; (c) the Work Product will fully conform to the requirements and terms set forth in this Agreement, including any Project Terms; (d) the Work Product will be free from material errors, faults and defects of any kind; (e) the Work Product will not contain any virus, Trojan horse, malicious code, trap door, time bomb, or shutdown mechanism, or any other software code or functionality that will “lock” or prevent the use of or access to the Work Product or otherwise cause the Work Product to cease functioning, or which is otherwise designed to harm any systems, servers, computers or websites of Upwork Client, UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors; (f) neither the Work Product nor any element thereof does or will infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; (g) neither the Work Product nor any element thereof will be subject to any restrictions or to any mortgages, liens, pledges, security interests, or encumbrances; (h) Freelancer will not grant, directly or indirectly, any rights or interest whatsoever in the Work Product to third parties other than the Upwork Client; (i) Freelancer has full right and power to enter into and perform this Agreement without the consent of any third party; (j) Freelancer has an unqualified right to grant the license to all Background Technology as set forth in the section titled “License to Background Technology”; (k) if Freelancer is required to possess or maintain any license, registration, or other authorization necessary to provide the Work Product or to provide independent contractor services under this Agreement, then it possess such a license, registration, or other authorization and will maintain such license, registration, or other authorization during the term of this Agreement; (l) Freelancer will not use or incorporate as part of the Work Product any Open Source Code other than as expressly authorized in this Agreement; (m) Freelancer will promptly update changes to Freelancer’s contact information as outlined in the Terms of Service; and (n) Freelancer will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to Freelancer’s obligations under this Agreement. 11. UTG DISCLAIMER; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 11.1 Disclaimer. UTG MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PROJECT, THE PROJECT TERMS, OR IN CONNECTION WITH UTG’S PERFORMANCE OF ITS OBLIGATIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES HEREUNDER, AND FREELANCER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE SAME ARE BEING PROVIDED OR PERFORMED HEREUNDER “AS IS” AND WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. UTG HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, WRITTEN, ORAL OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, AND/OR VALIDITY. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. 11.2 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL UTG, UPWORK CLIENT OR ANY OF THEIR PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OR SUCCESSORS BE LIABLE TO FREELANCER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS), EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF THEY WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY UNDER WHICH ANY SUCH DAMAGES ARE SOUGHT. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. 12. INDEMNIFICATION. Freelancer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, individually and collectively, against any and all damage, cost, loss or expense arising from any claim, suit or proceeding, actual or alleged, brought or asserted against UTG, Upwork Client and/or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors (a) alleging that any Work Product that Freelancer delivers pursuant to this Agreement or the Project infringes upon any intellectual property rights; (b) alleging that any Work Product that Freelancer delivers pursuant to this Agreement or the Project misappropriates any trade secrets of UTG, Upwork Client and any of their parents and affiliates, or any third party; (c) arising from or related to Freelancer’s breach of any representation or warranty; (d) arising from or related to Freelancer’s failure to pay any taxes or fees due as a result of Freelancer’s work under this Agreement; (e) arising from or related to Freelancer’s or Freelancer’s personnel’s failure to comply with any applicable law or regulation; or (f) arising from or related to Freelancer’s breach of any other terms of this Agreement. 13. INSURANCE. Freelancer, at its sole cost and expense, will maintain appropriate insurance in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations and in no event less than industry standards, including but not limited to unemployment and workers’ compensation insurance. Without limiting the foregoing sentence, Freelancer and UTG agree that for any Project where the fees are anticipated to be over $75,000, a minimum of $1,000,000 professional liability insurance is reasonable and appropriate and Freelancer will maintain such levels of insurance.  Upon request, Freelancer will furnish proof of insurance in a form acceptable to UTG and the Upwork Client.  Freelancer agrees that Freelancer will promptly inform UTG of any cancellation or lapse in coverage required to be maintained by this Agreement. 14.TERM AND TERMINATION. 14.1 Term. The term of this Agreement (the “Term”) will begin on the Effective Date and will terminate on the first to occur of: (a) the end date in the Project Terms; or (b) the date that the Project is fully completed and thus closed on the Site. 14.2 Termination with Cause. Either Party has the right to terminate this Agreement immediately in the event that the other Party has materially breached the Agreement and fails to cure such breach within 15 calendar days of receipt of notice by the non-breaching Party, setting forth in reasonable detail the nature of the breach. UTG may also terminate this Agreement immediately, in writing, in its sole discretion in the event of Freelancer’s material breach of section 5, 6, 7, 8 or 9 (including subsections), or if Freelancer engages in unlawful activities while rendering the services specified in the Project. 14.3 Return of Property. Upon termination of the Agreement or upon UTG’s or Upwork Client’s request at any other time, Freelancer will deliver to UTG or Upwork Client, as applicable, all of UTG’s or the Upwork Client’s property together with all copies thereof and any other documents or materials that contain any Work Product, Client Confidential Information or UTG Confidential Information. 14.4 Survival. The following provisions will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason: sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14.3, 14.4, 15, and 16, each including subsections. For the avoidance of doubt, Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that the license rights and other rights granted by Freelancer in section 5 above are perpetual in nature and will continue in perpetuity notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement, regardless of the cause, and the expiration or termination of this Agreement will not affect, limit, or otherwise impair such rights. 15. DISPUTES; ARBITRATION PROVISION. 15.1 Dispute Process. The Parties agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy that arises out of or relates to (a) this Agreement, (b) Freelancer’s relationship with or work for UTG, the Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors (each of which are express third-party beneficiaries of this Arbitration Provision), including without limitation any claimed employment, or the termination of any relationship referred to in this Agreement, and/or (c) the Site or the Site Services (each, a “Claim”) in accordance with this section 15 (sometimes referred to as “Arbitration Provision”). Without limiting the rights of Upwork and UTG in any way, Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that Upwork Client may assign its Claim to Upwork or UTG and, if Upwork Client does so, Upwork or UTG may pursue recovery of damages, fees, costs and any other remedies permitted by law arising out of the Claim directly from Freelancer. 15.2 Informal Dispute Resolution. Before serving a demand for arbitration of a Claim, or otherwise seeking relief for any Claim, Freelancer and UTG agree to first notify the other Party or Parties (the “Notice”). The Parties will then seek informal resolution of the Claim. The Notice must be in writing and include Freelancer’s name, pertinent account information, a brief description of the Claim, and the drafting Party’s contact information, so that the receiving Party may evaluate and attempt to informally resolve the Claim. The receiving Party will have 60 calendar days from the date of its receipt of the Notice to informally resolve the Claim, which, if successful, will avoid the need for further action. Notice to UTG of the Claim will be sent to Upwork Global Inc. Headquarters as listed on its Site (https://www.upwork.com/about/contact/), Attn: Legal orlegalnotices@upwork.com. Notice to the Upwork Client will be made through any means by which Freelancer communicates with the Upwork Client about the Work Product. Notice to Freelancer will be provided to the most current physical or email address on the Site. 15.3 Binding Arbitration and Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver (Does Not Apply to Freelancers Located Outside the United States and Its Territories). This Arbitration Provision applies to all Freelancers except Freelancers located outside of the United States and its territories. In the unlikely event the Parties are unable to resolve a Claim within 60 calendar days of the receipt of the applicable Notice, Freelancer, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, and Upwork Client and any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors agree to resolve the Claim by final and binding arbitration before an arbitrator from JAMS. JAMS may be contacted atwww.jamsadr.com.If for any reason JAMS will not administer the arbitration, either Party may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction with authority over the location where the arbitration will be conducted for appointment of a neutral arbitrator. a. Scope of Arbitration Agreement and Conduct of Arbitration Arbitration as provided in this Arbitration Provision is governed by the United States Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1et seq.).  This Arbitration Provision applies to any and all Claims (as defined in section 15.1). For the avoidance of doubt, Claims include, but are not limited to, all claims, disputes, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Project, the Terms of Service, escrow payments or agreements, any payments or monies Freelancer claims are due, trade secrets, unfair competition, false advertising, consumer protection, privacy, compensation, worker classification, minimum wage, seating, expense reimbursement, overtime, breaks and rest periods, termination, retaliation, discrimination or harassment and all claims arising under the Defend Trade Secrets Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. §1981, the Rehabilitation Act, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, the Equal Pay Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Affordable Care Act, the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act, the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, all state statutes or regulations addressing the same or similar subject matters, and all other federal, state or local legal claims arising out of or relating to Freelancer’s relationship with or work for UTG or the Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors and/or the termination of that relationship. The Upwork Client is an express third party beneficiary and may enforce the agreement to the full extent as though it were a signatory. Disputes between the parties that may not be subject to a pre-dispute arbitration agreement as provided by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-203) or as provided by an Act of Congress or lawful, enforceable Executive Order, are excluded from the coverage of this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein, arbitration will be conducted in Santa Clara County, California in accordance with the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures under the Optional Expedited Arbitration Procedures then in effect for JAMS.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Claims by Freelancers that allege employment or worker classification disputes will be conducted within 25 miles of where Freelancer is located in accordance with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures then in effect.  The JAMS arbitration rules may be found atwww.jamsadr.comor by searching online for “JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures” or “JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules.”  The Parties agree that any Party will have the right to appear at the arbitration by telephone and/or video rather than in person. The Parties will follow the applicable JAMS rules with respect to arbitration fees.  In any arbitration under the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures, Freelancer will pay JAMS arbitration fees only to the extent those fees are no greater than the filing or initial appearance fees applicable to court actions in the jurisdiction where the arbitration will be conducted, with UTG to make up the difference, if any.  The arbitrator must follow applicable law and may award only those remedies that would have applied had the matter been heard in court.  Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator’s decision in any court having jurisdiction. This Arbitration Provision does not apply to litigation to which Freelancer is a party that is or was already pending in a state or federal court or arbitration before the Effective Date.  This Arbitration Provision also does not apply to claims for workers compensation, state disability insurance or unemployment insurance benefits.  Either Freelancer or UTG may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for provisional injunctive relief in connection with an arbitrable controversy, but only upon the ground that the award to which that party may be entitled may be rendered ineffectual without such relief; the arbitrator will render the final judgment in the matter. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents Freelancer from making a report to or filing a claim or charge with a government agency, including without limitation the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, U.S. Department of Labor, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, National Labor Relations Board, or Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents the investigation by a government agency of any report, claim or charge otherwise covered by this Arbitration Provision. This Arbitration Provision also does not prevent federal administrative agencies from adjudicating claims and awarding remedies based on those claims, even if the claims would otherwise be covered by this Arbitration Provision. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents or excuses a party from satisfying any conditions precedent and/or exhausting administrative remedies under applicable law before bringing a claim in arbitration. UTG will not retaliate against Freelancer for filing a claim with an administrative agency or for exercising rights (individually or in concert with others) under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. b. Interpretation and Enforcement of this Arbitration Provision This Arbitration Provision is the full and complete agreement relating to the formal resolution of Claims and replaces all prior agreements between Freelancer and UTG regarding the arbitration of disputes covered by this Arbitration Provision.  Except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, this Arbitration Provision covers, and the arbitrator will have exclusive jurisdiction to decide, all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, enforcement, or application of this Arbitration Provision, including, except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Provision or whether any portion of the Arbitration Provision is void or voidable.  All such matters will be decided by an arbitrator and not by a court. In the event any portion of this Arbitration Provision is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of this Arbitration Provision will be enforceable.  If any portion of the Class Action Waiver in subsection c, below, of this Arbitration Provision is deemed to be unenforceable, the Parties agree that this Arbitration Provision will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. c. Class and Collective Action Waiver Private attorney general representative actions under the California Labor Code are not arbitrable, not within the scope of this Arbitration Provision and may be maintained in a court of law. However, this Arbitration Provision affects the Parties’ ability to participate in class or collective actions. The Parties agree to bring any dispute in arbitration on an individual basis only, and not on a class or collective basis on behalf of others.  There will be no right or authority for any dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a class or collective action, or as a member in any such class or collective proceeding (“Class Action Waiver”). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or the JAMS Rules, disputes regarding the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity or breach of the Class Action Waiver may be resolved only by a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. In any case in which (1) the dispute is filed as a class or collective action and (2) there is a final judicial determination that all or part of the Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, the class or collective action to that extent must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction, but the portion of the Class Action Waiver that is enforceable shall be enforced in arbitration. Freelancer will not be retaliated against, disciplined or threatened with discipline as a result of exercising any rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act, if applicable, by filing or participating in a class or collective action in any forum. However, any Party may lawfully seek enforcement of this Arbitration Provision and the Class Action Waiver under the Federal Arbitration Act and seek dismissal of such class or collective actions or claims. d. Right to Opt Out of the Arbitration Provision. Freelancer may opt out of the Arbitration Provision by notifying UTG in writing within 30 calendar days of the Effective Date.To opt out, Freelancer must send a written notification to UTG to Upwork Global Inc. headquarters as listed on its Site (https://www.upwork.com/about/contact/), Attn: Legal orlegalnotices@upwork.comthat includes (a) Freelancer’s account username, (b) Freelancer’s name, (c) Freelancer’s address, (d) Freelancer’s telephone number, (e) Freelancer’s email address, and (f) a statement that Freelancer wishes to opt out of the Arbitration Provision. Freelancer understands that Freelancer has the right to consult with counsel of Freelancer’s choice concerning this Agreement and the Arbitration Provision. 16. GENERAL PROVISIONS 16.1Choice of Law. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Agreement and any Claims will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of law provisions and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG); provided, however, that any Claims by any Freelancer located within the United States will be governed by the law of the state in which such Freelancer resided at the time the Project was performed. 16.2 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Section 15.3(c) governs severability of the Class Action Waiver. 16.3 No Assignment. This Agreement, and the Parties’ respective rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned or otherwise transferred by either Party without the other’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void; provided, however, UTG may assign this Agreement, its rights and its obligations to an affiliate or to any successor to its business or assets to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, sale of assets, sale of stock, reorganization or otherwise. The terms of this Agreement will be binding upon assignees. 16.4 Injunctive Relief. Freelancer acknowledges that, because its services are personal and unique and because Freelancer will have access to Confidential Information of UTG and Upwork Client, any breach of this Agreement by Freelancer would cause irreparable injury to UTG or Upwork Client for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and, therefore, will entitle UTG or Upwork Client to injunctive relief (including specific performance). The rights and remedies provided to each Party in this Agreement are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies available to such Party at law or in equity not otherwise waived by this Agreement. 16.5 Waiver. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion. 16.6 Export. Freelancer agrees not to export, directly or indirectly, any U.S. technical data acquired from UTG, Upwork or Upwork Client, or any products utilizing such data, to countries outside the United States, because such export could be in violation of the United States export laws or regulations. 16.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matters hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between the Parties with respect to such subject matters. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, or any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by Freelancer and UTG. 16.8 Electronic Acceptance. The Parties expressly agree that this Agreement may be electronically signed and accepted, and that the Site’s record of Freelancer’s acceptance will be treated, for purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility, the same as written signatures. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT VIA THE SITE, FREELANCER HAS BOUND ITSELF TO THIS AGREEMENT AND CREATED AN AGREEMENT THAT IS ENFORCEABLE AGAINST ALL PARTIES. FREELANCER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT FREELANCER HAS BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN INDEPENDENT LEGAL ADVICE WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE ACCEPTING IT, AND THAT FREELANCER VOLUNTARILY AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING OF ITS TERMS.    EXHIBIT APrivacy and Information Security Exhibit  To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements in this Exhibit for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws regarding protection of Personal Information.  Freelancer is expected to be familiar with such laws and take whatever additional security measures may be warranted by the particular circumstances. Privacy Requirements 1. Personal Information:Freelancer will collect, store, transmit, disclose, process, destroy, or otherwise process Personal Information only (a) for purposes of providing the Services and as otherwise instructed by Upwork Client, (b) in accordance with this Exhibit 1, and (c) in compliance with applicable law.  In the event of any conflict between applicable law and this Exhibit 1, Freelancer will comply with applicable law.  Personal Information includes any information related to an identified or identifiable natural person where such information is protected under applicable data protection law. 2. Notification Of Security Incident:Freelancer will notify Upwork Client of any actual or suspected security incident involving Personal Information as soon as possible after becoming aware of the incident, but never later than 24 hours after learning of the incident.  Freelancer will cooperate with Upwork Client on any investigation of the security incident.  A “security incident” is a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Information transmitted, stored or otherwise processed. 3. Security Standards:Freelancer will utilize reasonable and physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect Personal Information and comply at all times with applicable laws concerning the protection and securing of Personal Information. For as long as Freelancer has access to Personal Information or to Upwork Client’s systems/networks, Freelancer will update security practices and controls at Freelancer’s own cost. 4. Malware Protection:Freelancer will use up-to-date, commercially reasonable virus protection software (i.e. anti-virus) for the duration of the Engagement. 5. Device and Software Management:Before the start of the Engagement and at all times while Freelancer accesses any Personal Information or Upwork Client’s systems/networks, Freelancer will: Use up-to-date software and firmware that includes any current patches and updates and that is configured to automatically update/patch;Use a firewall to protect Freelancer’s own information systems;Use strong, unique passwords of at least 8 characters (with a mix of letters, numbers, and special characters where possible) for access to devices and applications;Use password-activated screensavers to lock hardware or devices after a period of inactivity;Configure devices and applications to require new passwords at least every 90 days;Ensure that multiple failed login attempts (no more than 10) to devices and applications result in lockout (check security settings on applications); andDisable Bluetooth on devices (except when use is necessary). 6. Secure Practices: Freelancer will only connect to trusted, private wireless networks that use complex passwords not known or easily accessible to the public (e.g., not Starbucks).Freelancer will not share hardware or devices with other people (roommates, spouses, children, etc.) while performing the Engagement until all Personal Information is removed/destroyed from the hardware or device.  Hardware and devices shall be housed in secure places when not in use.Freelancer will not download and install unsolicited software.  Software downloaded to hardware or devices that connect to Upwork Client’s systems/network could be used to distribute malware.Freelancer will not share passwords used to access Personal Information with anyone or post passwords near hardware or devices. 7. Disposal:When no longer needed for the Engagement, and always upon completion of the Engagement or at Upwork Client’s request, Freelancer will return all Personal Information received, compiled or created in the course of the Engagement.  Further, Freelancer will securely delete any and all copies of such Personal Information (including backups) in Freelancer’s possession (e.g., hard copies shredded, desktop/email trashcan emptied, etc.).  Personal Information in electronic form will be deleted with a “wiping” program that overwrites data on the hardware; paper documents containing Personal Information will be shredded.  Deleting files using standard keyboard commands is not sufficient because data may remain on the computer’s hard drive. Wiping programs are available at most office supply stores. Freelancer understands that a failure to delete Personal Information in Freelancer’s possession after completion of the Engagement may constitute theft of Personal Information. 8. Data Protection: Freelancer will not disclose Personal Information to a subcontractor without Upwork Client’s prior, written consent.  Freelancer will not disclose Personal Information to any other third party without Upwork Client’s prior, written consent except as required by law.  Freelancer will not ever sell Personal Information.  Freelancer will promptly notify Upwork Client of any legally binding request for the production or disclosure of Personal Information (unless prohibited by law from doing so) to allow Upwork Client sufficient time to object to the request.Freelancer will not attempt to link, identify, or otherwise create a relationship between Personal Information made available to Freelancer by Upwork Client with any other data without the express authorization of Upwork Client.In the event Freelancer access to, or storage of, Personal Information results in the transfer of Personal Information to a country outside the country where the Personal Information originated, Freelancer will, at Upwork Client’s request and to the extent required by applicable law, take such reasonable steps as Upwork Client deems necessary (e.g., execute a data transfer agreement) to comply with any law in the country of origin that restricts the international transfer of Personal Information.Freelancer will cooperate with Upwork Client’s reasonable request for assistance in responding to a request to Upwork Client by an individual to exercise his or her rights under applicable data protection law, including but not limited to requests to delete Personal Information, and requests to access Personal Information.  In the event Freelancer receives such a request directly from an individual concerning Personal Information in Freelancer’s possession, Freelancer will promptly forward the request to Upwork Client so that Upwork Client can respond to the individual.Freelancer will make available, upon Upwork Client’s reasonable request, information necessary to demonstrate compliance with this Exhibit 1 and will allow for audits or inspection by Upwork Client or its designee concerning Freelancer’s handling of Personal Information in accordance with this Exhibit 1.In the event the Personal Information relates to an individual located in the European Economic Area, Attachment A to this Exhibit 1 describes the nature and purpose of the processing of Personal Information, the type of Personal Information processed, and the categories of data subjects. Additional information on best practices for protecting Personal Information may be found athttps://www.bulkorder.ftc.gov/publications/protecting-personal-information-guide-business. Freelancer is encouraged to obtain and read a copy of this free publication.  Attachment A  Description Of The Processing  Nature Of Processing By Freelancer:   Purposes Of Processing By Freelancer:   Categories Of Data Subjects Whose Personal Information Is Processed By Freelancer:   Categories Of Personal Information Processed By Freelancer:   Freelancer agrees that all copyrightable material, notes, records, drawings, designs, inventions, improvements, developments, discoveries and trade secrets conceived, discovered, developed or reduced to practice by Freelancer Personnel, solely or in collaboration with others, during the term of this Agreement that relate in any manner to the business of Upwork Client will belong exclusively to Upwork Client. Freelancer will ensure that Freelancer Personnel execute appropriate agreements with Freelancer to confirm such ownership, narrowed if and to the extent required by applicable law to be enforceable in the applicable jurisdiction, and to confirm that Freelancer Personnel will not challenge the validity of Upwork Client’s ownership in Work Product, including without limitation the Intellectual Property Rights in Work Product. 9.4 Indemnification. In addition to the indemnification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, Freelancer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless UTG, Upwork Client and each of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and successors, individually and collectively, against any damage, cost, loss or expense arising from any claim, suit, proceeding, investigation, government inquiry or other action brought against UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors (a) alleging that any Freelancer Personnel is an employee of UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors or (b) arising out of the failure (whether negligent, willful, intentional, or unintended in cases of strict liability) of Freelancer to comply with this Agreement or any applicable law or regulation. 10. FREELANCER’S COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Freelancer hereby covenants, represents and warrants to UTG and to Upwork Client that (a) Freelancer will perform the services necessary to perform the Project in a timely and professional manner, consistent with industry standards, and all in accordance with this Agreement; (b) except any pre-approved Background Technology used or incorporated as part of the Work Product, the Work Product will be an original work of Freelancer and any third parties will have executed assignment of rights prior to being allowed to participate in the development of the Work Product; (c) the Work Product will fully conform to the requirements and terms set forth in this Agreement, including any Project Terms; (d) the Work Product will be free from material errors, faults and defects of any kind; (e) the Work Product will not contain any virus, Trojan horse, malicious code, trap door, time bomb, or shutdown mechanism, or any other software code or functionality that will “lock” or prevent the use of or access to the Work Product or otherwise cause the Work Product to cease functioning, or which is otherwise designed to harm any systems, servers, computers or websites of Upwork Client, UTG or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or successors; (f) neither the Work Product nor any element thereof does or will infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; (g) neither the Work Product nor any element thereof will be subject to any restrictions or to any mortgages, liens, pledges, security interests, or encumbrances; (h) Freelancer will not grant, directly or indirectly, any rights or interest whatsoever in the Work Product to third parties other than the Upwork Client; (i) Freelancer has full right and power to enter into and perform this Agreement without the consent of any third party; (j) Freelancer has an unqualified right to grant the license to all Background Technology as set forth in the section titled “License to Background Technology”; (k) if Freelancer is required to possess or maintain any license, registration, or other authorization necessary to provide the Work Product or to provide independent contractor services under this Agreement, then it possess such a license, registration, or other authorization and will maintain such license, registration, or other authorization during the term of this Agreement; (l) Freelancer will not use or incorporate as part of the Work Product any Open Source Code other than as expressly authorized in this Agreement; (m) Freelancer will promptly update changes to Freelancer’s contact information as outlined in the Terms of Service; and (n) Freelancer will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to Freelancer’s obligations under this Agreement. 11. UTG DISCLAIMER; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 11.1 Disclaimer. UTG MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PROJECT, THE PROJECT TERMS, OR IN CONNECTION WITH UTG’S PERFORMANCE OF ITS OBLIGATIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES HEREUNDER, AND FREELANCER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE SAME ARE BEING PROVIDED OR PERFORMED HEREUNDER “AS IS” AND WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. UTG HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, WRITTEN, ORAL OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, AND/OR VALIDITY. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. 11.2 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL UTG, UPWORK CLIENT OR ANY OF THEIR PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OR SUCCESSORS BE LIABLE TO FREELANCER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS), EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF THEY WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY UNDER WHICH ANY SUCH DAMAGES ARE SOUGHT. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. 12. INDEMNIFICATION. Freelancer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless UTG, Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, individually and collectively, against any and all damage, cost, loss or expense arising from any claim, suit or proceeding, actual or alleged, brought or asserted against UTG, Upwork Client and/or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors (a) alleging that any Work Product that Freelancer delivers pursuant to this Agreement or the Project infringes upon any intellectual property rights; (b) alleging that any Work Product that Freelancer delivers pursuant to this Agreement or the Project misappropriates any trade secrets of UTG, Upwork Client and any of their parents and affiliates, or any third party; (c) arising from or related to Freelancer’s breach of any representation or warranty; (d) arising from or related to Freelancer’s failure to pay any taxes or fees due as a result of Freelancer’s work under this Agreement; (e) arising from or related to Freelancer’s or Freelancer’s personnel’s failure to comply with any applicable law or regulation; or (f) arising from or related to Freelancer’s breach of any other terms of this Agreement. 13. INSURANCE. Freelancer, at its sole cost and expense, will maintain appropriate insurance in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations and in no event less than industry standards, including but not limited to unemployment and workers’ compensation insurance. Without limiting the foregoing sentence, Freelancer and UTG agree that for any Project where the fees are anticipated to be over $75,000, a minimum of $1,000,000 professional liability insurance is reasonable and appropriate and Freelancer will maintain such levels of insurance.  Upon request, Freelancer will furnish proof of insurance in a form acceptable to UTG and the Upwork Client.  Freelancer agrees that Freelancer will promptly inform UTG of any cancellation or lapse in coverage required to be maintained by this Agreement. 14.TERM AND TERMINATION. 14.1 Term. The term of this Agreement (the “Term”) will begin on the Effective Date and will terminate on the first to occur of: (a) the end date in the Project Terms; or (b) the date that the Project is fully completed and thus closed on the Site. 14.2 Termination with Cause. Either Party has the right to terminate this Agreement immediately in the event that the other Party has materially breached the Agreement and fails to cure such breach within 15 calendar days of receipt of notice by the non-breaching Party, setting forth in reasonable detail the nature of the breach. UTG may also terminate this Agreement immediately, in writing, in its sole discretion in the event of Freelancer’s material breach of section 5, 6, 7, 8 or 9 (including subsections), or if Freelancer engages in unlawful activities while rendering the services specified in the Project. 14.3 Return of Property. Upon termination of the Agreement or upon UTG’s or Upwork Client’s request at any other time, Freelancer will deliver to UTG or Upwork Client, as applicable, all of UTG’s or the Upwork Client’s property together with all copies thereof and any other documents or materials that contain any Work Product, Client Confidential Information or UTG Confidential Information. 14.4 Survival. The following provisions will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason: sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14.3, 14.4, 15, and 16, each including subsections. For the avoidance of doubt, Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that the license rights and other rights granted by Freelancer in section 5 above are perpetual in nature and will continue in perpetuity notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement, regardless of the cause, and the expiration or termination of this Agreement will not affect, limit, or otherwise impair such rights. 15. DISPUTES; ARBITRATION PROVISION. 15.1 Dispute Process. The Parties agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy that arises out of or relates to (a) this Agreement, (b) Freelancer’s relationship with or work for UTG, the Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors (each of which are express third-party beneficiaries of this Arbitration Provision), including without limitation any claimed employment, or the termination of any relationship referred to in this Agreement, and/or (c) the Site or the Site Services (each, a “Claim”) in accordance with this section 15 (sometimes referred to as “Arbitration Provision”). Without limiting the rights of Upwork and UTG in any way, Freelancer acknowledges and agrees that Upwork Client may assign its Claim to Upwork or UTG and, if Upwork Client does so, Upwork or UTG may pursue recovery of damages, fees, costs and any other remedies permitted by law arising out of the Claim directly from Freelancer. 15.2 Informal Dispute Resolution. Before serving a demand for arbitration of a Claim, or otherwise seeking relief for any Claim, Freelancer and UTG agree to first notify the other Party or Parties (the “Notice”). The Parties will then seek informal resolution of the Claim. The Notice must be in writing and include Freelancer’s name, pertinent account information, a brief description of the Claim, and the drafting Party’s contact information, so that the receiving Party may evaluate and attempt to informally resolve the Claim. The receiving Party will have 60 calendar days from the date of its receipt of the Notice to informally resolve the Claim, which, if successful, will avoid the need for further action. Notice to UTG of the Claim will be sent to Upwork Global Inc. Headquarters as listed on its Site (https://www.upwork.com/about/contact/), Attn: Legal orlegalnotices@upwork.com. Notice to the Upwork Client will be made through any means by which Freelancer communicates with the Upwork Client about the Work Product. Notice to Freelancer will be provided to the most current physical or email address on the Site. 15.3 Binding Arbitration and Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver (Does Not Apply to Freelancers Located Outside the United States and Its Territories). This Arbitration Provision applies to all Freelancers except Freelancers located outside of the United States and its territories. In the unlikely event the Parties are unable to resolve a Claim within 60 calendar days of the receipt of the applicable Notice, Freelancer, UTG and any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors, and Upwork Client and any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors agree to resolve the Claim by final and binding arbitration before an arbitrator from JAMS. JAMS may be contacted atwww.jamsadr.com.If for any reason JAMS will not administer the arbitration, either Party may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction with authority over the location where the arbitration will be conducted for appointment of a neutral arbitrator. a. Scope of Arbitration Agreement and Conduct of Arbitration Arbitration as provided in this Arbitration Provision is governed by the United States Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1et seq.).  This Arbitration Provision applies to any and all Claims (as defined in section 15.1). For the avoidance of doubt, Claims include, but are not limited to, all claims, disputes, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Project, the Terms of Service, escrow payments or agreements, any payments or monies Freelancer claims are due, trade secrets, unfair competition, false advertising, consumer protection, privacy, compensation, worker classification, minimum wage, seating, expense reimbursement, overtime, breaks and rest periods, termination, retaliation, discrimination or harassment and all claims arising under the Defend Trade Secrets Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. §1981, the Rehabilitation Act, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, the Equal Pay Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Affordable Care Act, the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act, the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, all state statutes or regulations addressing the same or similar subject matters, and all other federal, state or local legal claims arising out of or relating to Freelancer’s relationship with or work for UTG or the Upwork Client or any of their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors and/or the termination of that relationship. The Upwork Client is an express third party beneficiary and may enforce the agreement to the full extent as though it were a signatory. Disputes between the parties that may not be subject to a pre-dispute arbitration agreement as provided by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-203) or as provided by an Act of Congress or lawful, enforceable Executive Order, are excluded from the coverage of this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein, arbitration will be conducted in Santa Clara County, California in accordance with the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures under the Optional Expedited Arbitration Procedures then in effect for JAMS.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Claims by Freelancers that allege employment or worker classification disputes will be conducted within 25 miles of where Freelancer is located in accordance with the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures then in effect.  The JAMS arbitration rules may be found atwww.jamsadr.comor by searching online for “JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures” or “JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules.”  The Parties agree that any Party will have the right to appear at the arbitration by telephone and/or video rather than in person. The Parties will follow the applicable JAMS rules with respect to arbitration fees.  In any arbitration under the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures, Freelancer will pay JAMS arbitration fees only to the extent those fees are no greater than the filing or initial appearance fees applicable to court actions in the jurisdiction where the arbitration will be conducted, with UTG to make up the difference, if any.  The arbitrator must follow applicable law and may award only those remedies that would have applied had the matter been heard in court.  Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator’s decision in any court having jurisdiction. This Arbitration Provision does not apply to litigation to which Freelancer is a party that is or was already pending in a state or federal court or arbitration before the Effective Date.  This Arbitration Provision also does not apply to claims for workers compensation, state disability insurance or unemployment insurance benefits.  Either Freelancer or UTG may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for provisional injunctive relief in connection with an arbitrable controversy, but only upon the ground that the award to which that party may be entitled may be rendered ineffectual without such relief; the arbitrator will render the final judgment in the matter. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents Freelancer from making a report to or filing a claim or charge with a government agency, including without limitation the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, U.S. Department of Labor, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, National Labor Relations Board, or Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents the investigation by a government agency of any report, claim or charge otherwise covered by this Arbitration Provision. This Arbitration Provision also does not prevent federal administrative agencies from adjudicating claims and awarding remedies based on those claims, even if the claims would otherwise be covered by this Arbitration Provision. Nothing in this Arbitration Provision prevents or excuses a party from satisfying any conditions precedent and/or exhausting administrative remedies under applicable law before bringing a claim in arbitration. UTG will not retaliate against Freelancer for filing a claim with an administrative agency or for exercising rights (individually or in concert with others) under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. b. Interpretation and Enforcement of this Arbitration Provision This Arbitration Provision is the full and complete agreement relating to the formal resolution of Claims and replaces all prior agreements between Freelancer and UTG regarding the arbitration of disputes covered by this Arbitration Provision.  Except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, this Arbitration Provision covers, and the arbitrator will have exclusive jurisdiction to decide, all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, enforcement, or application of this Arbitration Provision, including, except as otherwise provided in this Arbitration Provision, the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Provision or whether any portion of the Arbitration Provision is void or voidable.  All such matters will be decided by an arbitrator and not by a court. In the event any portion of this Arbitration Provision is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of this Arbitration Provision will be enforceable.  If any portion of the Class Action Waiver in subsection c, below, of this Arbitration Provision is deemed to be unenforceable, the Parties agree that this Arbitration Provision will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. c. Class and Collective Action Waiver Private attorney general representative actions under the California Labor Code are not arbitrable, not within the scope of this Arbitration Provision and may be maintained in a court of law. However, this Arbitration Provision affects the Parties’ ability to participate in class or collective actions. The Parties agree to bring any dispute in arbitration on an individual basis only, and not on a class or collective basis on behalf of others.  There will be no right or authority for any dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a class or collective action, or as a member in any such class or collective proceeding (“Class Action Waiver”). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or the JAMS Rules, disputes regarding the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity or breach of the Class Action Waiver may be resolved only by a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. In any case in which (1) the dispute is filed as a class or collective action and (2) there is a final judicial determination that all or part of the Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, the class or collective action to that extent must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction, but the portion of the Class Action Waiver that is enforceable shall be enforced in arbitration. Freelancer will not be retaliated against, disciplined or threatened with discipline as a result of exercising any rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act, if applicable, by filing or participating in a class or collective action in any forum. However, any Party may lawfully seek enforcement of this Arbitration Provision and the Class Action Waiver under the Federal Arbitration Act and seek dismissal of such class or collective actions or claims. d. Right to Opt Out of the Arbitration Provision. Freelancer may opt out of the Arbitration Provision by notifying UTG in writing within 30 calendar days of the Effective Date.To opt out, Freelancer must send a written notification to UTG to Upwork Global Inc. headquarters as listed on its Site (https://www.upwork.com/about/contact/), Attn: Legal orlegalnotices@upwork.comthat includes (a) Freelancer’s account username, (b) Freelancer’s name, (c) Freelancer’s address, (d) Freelancer’s telephone number, (e) Freelancer’s email address, and (f) a statement that Freelancer wishes to opt out of the Arbitration Provision. Freelancer understands that Freelancer has the right to consult with counsel of Freelancer’s choice concerning this Agreement and the Arbitration Provision. 16. GENERAL PROVISIONS 16.1Choice of Law. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Agreement and any Claims will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of law provisions and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG); provided, however, that any Claims by any Freelancer located within the United States will be governed by the law of the state in which such Freelancer resided at the time the Project was performed. 16.2 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Section 15.3(c) governs severability of the Class Action Waiver. 16.3 No Assignment. This Agreement, and the Parties’ respective rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned or otherwise transferred by either Party without the other’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void; provided, however, UTG may assign this Agreement, its rights and its obligations to an affiliate or to any successor to its business or assets to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, sale of assets, sale of stock, reorganization or otherwise. The terms of this Agreement will be binding upon assignees. 16.4 Injunctive Relief. Freelancer acknowledges that, because its services are personal and unique and because Freelancer will have access to Confidential Information of UTG and Upwork Client, any breach of this Agreement by Freelancer would cause irreparable injury to UTG or Upwork Client for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and, therefore, will entitle UTG or Upwork Client to injunctive relief (including specific performance). The rights and remedies provided to each Party in this Agreement are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies available to such Party at law or in equity not otherwise waived by this Agreement. 16.5 Waiver. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion. 16.6 Export. Freelancer agrees not to export, directly or indirectly, any U.S. technical data acquired from UTG, Upwork or Upwork Client, or any products utilizing such data, to countries outside the United States, because such export could be in violation of the United States export laws or regulations. 16.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matters hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between the Parties with respect to such subject matters. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, or any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by Freelancer and UTG. 16.8 Electronic Acceptance. The Parties expressly agree that this Agreement may be electronically signed and accepted, and that the Site’s record of Freelancer’s acceptance will be treated, for purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility, the same as written signatures. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT VIA THE SITE, FREELANCER HAS BOUND ITSELF TO THIS AGREEMENT AND CREATED AN AGREEMENT THAT IS ENFORCEABLE AGAINST ALL PARTIES. FREELANCER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT FREELANCER HAS BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN INDEPENDENT LEGAL ADVICE WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE ACCEPTING IT, AND THAT FREELANCER VOLUNTARILY AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING OF ITS TERMS.    EXHIBIT APrivacy and Information Security Exhibit  To the extent Freelancer (1) collects, stores, transmits, discloses, processes, and/or otherwise uses information that identifies a particular individual (“Personal Information”) or (2) accesses Upwork Client’s computer systems or networks in providing services under this Agreement, Freelancer will comply with the privacy and security requirements in this Exhibit for the purpose of conforming with applicable laws regarding protection of Personal Information.  Freelancer is expected to be familiar with such laws and take whatever additional security measures may be warranted by the particular circumstances. Privacy Requirements 1. Personal Information:Freelancer will collect, store, transmit, disclose, process, destroy, or otherwise process Personal Information only (a) for purposes of providing the Services and as otherwise instructed by Upwork Client, (b) in accordance with this Exhibit 1, and (c) in compliance with applicable law.  In the event of any conflict between applicable law and this Exhibit 1, Freelancer will comply with applicable law.  Personal Information includes any information related to an identified or identifiable natural person where such information is protected under applicable data protection law. 2. Notification Of Security Incident:Freelancer will notify Upwork Client of any actual or suspected security incident involving Personal Information as soon as possible after becoming aware of the incident, but never later than 24 hours after learning of the incident.  Freelancer will cooperate with Upwork Client on any investigation of the security incident.  A “security incident” is a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Information transmitted, stored or otherwise processed. 3. Security Standards:Freelancer will utilize reasonable and physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect Personal Information and comply at all times with applicable laws concerning the protection and securing of Personal Information. For as long as Freelancer has access to Personal Information or to Upwork Client’s systems/networks, Freelancer will update security practices and controls at Freelancer’s own cost. 4. Malware Protection:Freelancer will use up-to-date, commercially reasonable virus protection software (i.e. anti-virus) for the duration of the Engagement. 5. Device and Software Management:Before the start of the Engagement and at all times while Freelancer accesses any Personal Information or Upwork Client’s systems/networks, Freelancer will: Use up-to-date software and firmware that includes any current patches and updates and that is configured to automatically update/patch;Use a firewall to protect Freelancer’s own information systems;Use strong, unique passwords of at least 8 characters (with a mix of letters, numbers, and special characters where possible) for access to devices and applications;Use password-activated screensavers to lock hardware or devices after a period of inactivity;Configure devices and applications to require new passwords at least every 90 days;Ensure that multiple failed login attempts (no more than 10) to devices and applications result in lockout (check security settings on applications); andDisable Bluetooth on devices (except when use is necessary). 6. Secure Practices: Freelancer will only connect to trusted, private wireless networks that use complex passwords not known or easily accessible to the public (e.g., not Starbucks).Freelancer will not share hardware or devices with other people (roommates, spouses, children, etc.) while performing the Engagement until all Personal Information is removed/destroyed from the hardware or device.  Hardware and devices shall be housed in secure places when not in use.Freelancer will not download and install unsolicited software.  Software downloaded to hardware or devices that connect to Upwork Client’s systems/network could be used to distribute malware.Freelancer will not share passwords used to access Personal Information with anyone or post passwords near hardware or devices. 7. Disposal:When no longer needed for the Engagement, and always upon completion of the Engagement or at Upwork Client’s request, Freelancer will return all Personal Information received, compiled or created in the course of the Engagement.  Further, Freelancer will securely delete any and all copies of such Personal Information (including backups) in Freelancer’s possession (e.g., hard copies shredded, desktop/email trashcan emptied, etc.).  Personal Information in electronic form will be deleted with a “wiping” program that overwrites data on the hardware; paper documents containing Personal Information will be shredded.  Deleting files using standard keyboard commands is not sufficient because data may remain on the computer’s hard drive. Wiping programs are available at most office supply stores. Freelancer understands that a failure to delete Personal Information in Freelancer’s possession after completion of the Engagement may constitute theft of Personal Information. 8. Data Protection: Freelancer will not disclose Personal Information to a subcontractor without Upwork Client’s prior, written consent.  Freelancer will not disclose Personal Information to any other third party without Upwork Client’s prior, written consent except as required by law.  Freelancer will not ever sell Personal Information.  Freelancer will promptly notify Upwork Client of any legally binding request for the production or disclosure of Personal Information (unless prohibited by law from doing so) to allow Upwork Client sufficient time to object to the request.Freelancer will not attempt to link, identify, or otherwise create a relationship between Personal Information made available to Freelancer by Upwork Client with any other data without the express authorization of Upwork Client.In the event Freelancer access to, or storage of, Personal Information results in the transfer of Personal Information to a country outside the country where the Personal Information originated, Freelancer will, at Upwork Client’s request and to the extent required by applicable law, take such reasonable steps as Upwork Client deems necessary (e.g., execute a data transfer agreement) to comply with any law in the country of origin that restricts the international transfer of Personal Information.Freelancer will cooperate with Upwork Client’s reasonable request for assistance in responding to a request to Upwork Client by an individual to exercise his or her rights under applicable data protection law, including but not limited to requests to delete Personal Information, and requests to access Personal Information.  In the event Freelancer receives such a request directly from an individual concerning Personal Information in Freelancer’s possession, Freelancer will promptly forward the request to Upwork Client so that Upwork Client can respond to the individual.Freelancer will make available, upon Upwork Client’s reasonable request, information necessary to demonstrate compliance with this Exhibit 1 and will allow for audits or inspection by Upwork Client or its designee concerning Freelancer’s handling of Personal Information in accordance with this Exhibit 1.In the event the Personal Information relates to an individual located in the European Economic Area, Attachment A to this Exhibit 1 describes the nature and purpose of the processing of Personal Information, the type of Personal Information processed, and the categories of data subjects. Additional information on best practices for protecting Personal Information may be found athttps://www.bulkorder.ftc.gov/publications/protecting-personal-information-guide-business. Freelancer is encouraged to obtain and read a copy of this free publication.  Attachment A  Description Of The Processing  Nature Of Processing By Freelancer:   Purposes Of Processing By Freelancer:   Categories Of Data Subjects Whose Personal Information Is Processed By Freelancer:   Categories Of Personal Information Processed By Freelancer:  