Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.roche.com/privacy_policy.htm
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: websites, policy, website, collect, data, personal, notice, roche, privacy, information, processing
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   You may have certain rights regarding our use and processing of your Personal Data.  Your Rights If Your Data is Covered by the GDPR  If your Personal Data are covered by the GDPR (that is, if you are an individual within the European Economic Area), you have the following rights with respect to your Personal Data:  The right to request access to the Personal Data that Roche has about you;The right to rectify or correct any Personal Data that is inaccurate or incomplete;The right to request a copy of your Personal Data in electronic format so that you can transmit the data to third parties, or to request that Roche directly transfer your Personal Data to one more third parties;The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data for marketing and other purposes;The right to erasure of your Personal Data when it is no longer needed for the purposes for which you provided it, as well as the right to restriction of processing of your Personal Data to certain limited purposes where erasure is not possible.  To exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the information provided above.  Please note that erasure or restriction of processing is only possible if and to the extent that the processing of Personal Data is based on your consent or our legitimate interests. If data processing is based on consent, note that you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, but that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. In the event of an erasure request, we may retain a copy of your Personal Data for our record-keeping purposes and to avoid entering your personal data in our systems after your request.  In the event that you believe or have the impression that our data processing does not comply with the GDPR, you are entitled to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority.  Your Rights If Your Data is Covered by California Law  If you are a California resident as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), you can find a description of these rights covered in theCalifornia Supplemental Privacy Notice. That privacy notice contains information on how to contact Roche to exercise any of your rights under that law.  California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please use the contact information provided in theCalifornia Supplemental Privacy Notice.  Data Security  Roche and its service providers and collaboration partners take reasonable steps to protect Personal Data we access or receive through this website from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Nevertheless, Roche makes no guarantee as to the security of your Personal Data and disclaims, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all liability and damages caused by loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We recommend that you take any available precautions to protect Personal Data you submit on this website.  Updates to This Privacy Notice  From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Notice. Any such changes to this Privacy Notice will be reflected on this page. Roche recommends that you review this Privacy Notice regularly for any changes. The date on which this notice was last revised is located at the top of this notice.  ShareShare via emailShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on Google+Share on XingClose   If your Personal Data are covered by the GDPR (that is, if you are an individual within the European Economic Area), you have the following rights with respect to your Personal Data:  The right to request access to the Personal Data that Roche has about you;The right to rectify or correct any Personal Data that is inaccurate or incomplete;The right to request a copy of your Personal Data in electronic format so that you can transmit the data to third parties, or to request that Roche directly transfer your Personal Data to one more third parties;The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data for marketing and other purposes;The right to erasure of your Personal Data when it is no longer needed for the purposes for which you provided it, as well as the right to restriction of processing of your Personal Data to certain limited purposes where erasure is not possible.  To exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the information provided above.  Please note that erasure or restriction of processing is only possible if and to the extent that the processing of Personal Data is based on your consent or our legitimate interests. If data processing is based on consent, note that you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, but that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. In the event of an erasure request, we may retain a copy of your Personal Data for our record-keeping purposes and to avoid entering your personal data in our systems after your request.  In the event that you believe or have the impression that our data processing does not comply with the GDPR, you are entitled to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority.  Your Rights If Your Data is Covered by California Law  If you are a California resident as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), you can find a description of these rights covered in theCalifornia Supplemental Privacy Notice. That privacy notice contains information on how to contact Roche to exercise any of your rights under that law.  California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please use the contact information provided in theCalifornia Supplemental Privacy Notice.  Data Security  Roche and its service providers and collaboration partners take reasonable steps to protect Personal Data we access or receive through this website from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Nevertheless, Roche makes no guarantee as to the security of your Personal Data and disclaims, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all liability and damages caused by loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We recommend that you take any available precautions to protect Personal Data you submit on this website.  Updates to This Privacy Notice  From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Notice. Any such changes to this Privacy Notice will be reflected on this page. Roche recommends that you review this Privacy Notice regularly for any changes. The date on which this notice was last revised is located at the top of this notice.  ShareShare via emailShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on Google+Share on XingClose   If you are a California resident as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), you can find a description of these rights covered in theCalifornia Supplemental Privacy Notice. That privacy notice contains information on how to contact Roche to exercise any of your rights under that law.  California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please use the contact information provided in theCalifornia Supplemental Privacy Notice.  Data Security  Roche and its service providers and collaboration partners take reasonable steps to protect Personal Data we access or receive through this website from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Nevertheless, Roche makes no guarantee as to the security of your Personal Data and disclaims, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all liability and damages caused by loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We recommend that you take any available precautions to protect Personal Data you submit on this website.  Updates to This Privacy Notice  From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Notice. Any such changes to this Privacy Notice will be reflected on this page. Roche recommends that you review this Privacy Notice regularly for any changes. The date on which this notice was last revised is located at the top of this notice.  ShareShare via emailShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on Google+Share on XingClose 