Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: collect, offerings, services, data, including, intercom, personal, information, privacy, policy, customer

Reduced Policy:  9.1 Depending on your location and subject to applicable laws, you may have certain data protection rights. If you are a resident of the EEA or the UK you have the following data protection rights: If you wish toaccess, correct, update or request deletionof your personal data, you can do so at any time.You canobject to processingof your personal data, ask us torestrict processingof your personal data orrequest portabilityof your personal data.You have the right toopt-out of marketing communicationswe send you at any time. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the communications we send you. Please note, however, that it may not be possible to opt-out of certain service-related communications. You can let us know at any time if you do not wish to receive marketing messages by contacting us on the Intercom Messenger or by contacting us using the contact details below.Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal data with your consent, then you canwithdraw your consentat any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.You have the right tocomplain to a data protection authorityabout our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA and the UK are availablehere.  9.2 You can exercise any of these rights by submitting a request to our Data Protection Officer at legal@intercom.com. 9.3 If you are a California resident, you can find information about how we use your personal data and about your privacy rights inSection 12of this notice.
9.4 You can also exercise control over the following uses of your information: Opt-Outs. We will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of having personal data used for certain purposes when we ask for this information. If you decide to opt-out, we may not be able to provide certain features of our offerings. You can revoke your consent at any point by contacting us on the Intercom Messenger or by contacting us in writing on team@intercom.com. You have the following rights: Right to Know - InformationYou can request the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:The categories of Personal Information we have collected.The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.The business or commercial purpose for collecting and/or selling Personal Information.The categories of third parties with whom we share the Personal Information.The categories of Personal Information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose.The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose.Right to Know - Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.Right to Deletion. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.Right to Opt-Out. You have the right to opt-out of any "sale" of your Personal Information as defined in the CCPA.Right to Nondiscrimination. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination prohibited by the CCPA. 12.3 HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS We will need to verify your identity to process your information, access, and deletion requests and reserve the right to confirm your California residency. To verify your identity, we may require you to log into an Intercom online account (if applicable), provide government identification, give a declaration as to your identity under penalty of perjury, and/or provide additional information. These rights are not absolute, and in some instances, we may decline your request as permitted by law. Your authorized agent may make a request on your behalf upon our verification of the agent's identity and our receipt of a copy of the valid power of attorney given to your authorized agent pursuant to California Probate Code Sections 4000-4465. If you have not provided your agent with such a power of attorney, you must provide your agent with written and signed permission to exercise your CCPA rights on your behalf, provide the information we request to verify your identity and provide us with written confirmation that you have given the authorized agent permission to submit the request. 12.4 PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT, USE AND DISCLOSE The categories of Personal Information we collect are described below by reference to the statutory categories of Personal Information specified in the CCPA (California Civil Code section 1798.140):Identifiers(excluding online identifiers), such as first and last names, email addresses, phone numbers, avatars, company name, your role in your company, social media profile information; photo ID that you provide if we ask you to verify your identity; and document signatures.Commercial information, such as records of your transactions with us and services considered.Financial information, such as your credit card information, billing and mailing address and other payment-related information.Online identifiers, such as operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model; browser type; screen resolution; IP address; unique device identifiers; and Intercom-assigned user identifiers.Internet or network information, such as the website you visited before browsing to the Intercom services; how long you spent on a page or screen; navigation paths between pages or screens; session date and time; activity status (including first seen, last seen, last heard from and last contacted); pages viewed; links clicked; language preferences; tags applied within customer accounts; and other information about your interaction with our sites and services, including the information described in ourCookie Policy.Geolocation data, the approximate location associated with your IP address.Professional or employment information, such as your job title and organizational affiliation.California Customer Records(listed in California Civil Code section 1798.80), such as the Professional or employment information, Financial information, Commercial information and Identifiers listed above.Sensory information, such as photos you choose to submit in our services and security camera footage captured in our offices.Inferencesdrawn from any of the above information to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, and behavior.The sources from which we collect these categories of Personal Information are described in Section 2 entitledPersonal Data Collected by Intercom. The business/commercial purposes for which we use these categories of Personal Information are described in Section 3 entitledHow and Why We Use Your Personal Data. The categories of third parties with which we share these categories of Personal Information, including for business purposes, are described in Section 4 entitledSharing Your Personal Data.We do not sell your personal information in the conventional sense. However, like many companies, we use advertising services that try to tailor online ads to your interests based on information collected via cookies and similar technologies about your activity on ours and other online services. This is called interest-based advertising. The CCPA’s statutory definition of the term "sale" is broad and may include use of interest-based advertising services. You can get more information and opt-out of the use of cookies on our sites for interest-based advertising purposes by turning advertising cookies off in ourCookie Management Center. You will need to set that preference from each device and each web browser from which you wish to opt-out. Some of these features use cookies to apply your preferences, so if you clear all cookies from your browser, you will need to re-set your settings.The above summary of how we collect, use and share Personal Information describes our practices currently and for the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Notice. We will need to verify your identity to process your information, access, and deletion requests and reserve the right to confirm your California residency. To verify your identity, we may require you to log into an Intercom online account (if applicable), provide government identification, give a declaration as to your identity under penalty of perjury, and/or provide additional information. These rights are not absolute, and in some instances, we may decline your request as permitted by law. Your authorized agent may make a request on your behalf upon our verification of the agent's identity and our receipt of a copy of the valid power of attorney given to your authorized agent pursuant to California Probate Code Sections 4000-4465. If you have not provided your agent with such a power of attorney, you must provide your agent with written and signed permission to exercise your CCPA rights on your behalf, provide the information we request to verify your identity and provide us with written confirmation that you have given the authorized agent permission to submit the request. 12.4 PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT, USE AND DISCLOSE The categories of Personal Information we collect are described below by reference to the statutory categories of Personal Information specified in the CCPA (California Civil Code section 1798.140):Identifiers(excluding online identifiers), such as first and last names, email addresses, phone numbers, avatars, company name, your role in your company, social media profile information; photo ID that you provide if we ask you to verify your identity; and document signatures.Commercial information, such as records of your transactions with us and services considered.Financial information, such as your credit card information, billing and mailing address and other payment-related information.Online identifiers, such as operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model; browser type; screen resolution; IP address; unique device identifiers; and Intercom-assigned user identifiers.Internet or network information, such as the website you visited before browsing to the Intercom services; how long you spent on a page or screen; navigation paths between pages or screens; session date and time; activity status (including first seen, last seen, last heard from and last contacted); pages viewed; links clicked; language preferences; tags applied within customer accounts; and other information about your interaction with our sites and services, including the information described in ourCookie Policy.Geolocation data, the approximate location associated with your IP address.Professional or employment information, such as your job title and organizational affiliation.California Customer Records(listed in California Civil Code section 1798.80), such as the Professional or employment information, Financial information, Commercial information and Identifiers listed above.Sensory information, such as photos you choose to submit in our services and security camera footage captured in our offices.Inferencesdrawn from any of the above information to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, and behavior.The sources from which we collect these categories of Personal Information are described in Section 2 entitledPersonal Data Collected by Intercom. The business/commercial purposes for which we use these categories of Personal Information are described in Section 3 entitledHow and Why We Use Your Personal Data. The categories of third parties with which we share these categories of Personal Information, including for business purposes, are described in Section 4 entitledSharing Your Personal Data.We do not sell your personal information in the conventional sense. However, like many companies, we use advertising services that try to tailor online ads to your interests based on information collected via cookies and similar technologies about your activity on ours and other online services. This is called interest-based advertising. The CCPA’s statutory definition of the term "sale" is broad and may include use of interest-based advertising services. You can get more information and opt-out of the use of cookies on our sites for interest-based advertising purposes by turning advertising cookies off in ourCookie Management Center. You will need to set that preference from each device and each web browser from which you wish to opt-out. Some of these features use cookies to apply your preferences, so if you clear all cookies from your browser, you will need to re-set your settings.The above summary of how we collect, use and share Personal Information describes our practices currently and for the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Notice.