Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.premierleague.com/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, contact, data, personal, services, media, premier, provide, privacy, information
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   Under Data Protection Law, you have certain rights (depending on the circumstances) in connection with your personal data, which include:  Request accessto your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are using it lawfully, provided always that this does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other people;Request correctionof the personal data that we hold about you. Where any of the information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete we will act promptly to rectify this, including where you have requested us to do so. Users of the Premier League website can update their information any time via their account preferences;Request erasureof your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to use it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have exercised your right to object to our use (see below);Object to useof your personal data where we are relying on our legitimate interests (seeabove) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to our use on this ground;Withdraw your consentto our use of your personal data where we do so in reliance on your consent. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer use your personal data for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to, unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so in law;Request the restrictionof use of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the use of personal data about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for using it; andRequest the transferof the personal data you have provided, on the basis of consent or for a contract with us, to you or a third party where technically feasible.  We are committed to respecting your rights. You may action your rights (as may be applicable) bycontacting ususing the details provided below (12. CONTACT US) and we will comply with your requests within a reasonable period unless we have a lawful reason not to do so. Requests should be made in writing and to ensure that personal data is dealt with carefully and confidentially we will require the requestor to provide verification of their identity and all applications must be accompanied by copies of at least two official documents, which show your name, date of birth and current address (for example, driving licence, birth/ adoption certificate, passport, recent utility bill).  In responding to such requests, we will explain the impact of any objections, restrictions or deletions requested.  We will not charge you a fee to exercise your rights unless your request is clearly unfounded or excessive, in which case we may charge you a reasonable fee. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.  Additionally, should you wish to permanently delete your Premierleague.com account and your personal data, you may do this yourself by following the below instructions:  Log into your account and navigate tohttps://users.premierleague.com/;Click 'Manage Profile' on the right hand side.Click  'Delete Account'.You will then be prompted to enter your password.  Please then click 'Confirm Password'.On the following page, please click 'Confirm'.  Please note that if you log back in to your account during the 21 day period the account will be reactivated.  You also have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK data protection authority. The ICO's contact details as are follows: Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF; Tel: 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or 01625 545 745;https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/  11. Children and Privacy  It is important to us that children can enjoy our Services in a responsible manner. We encourage parents and guardians to supervise their children's online activities by, for example, adopting control tools available from online services and software suppliers that help provide a child-friendly online environment including by preventing children from disclosing their personal data online without parental permission.  We are committed to safeguarding children's personal data collected online, and to helping parents and guardians and their children learn how to exercise control over personal data while exploring the Internet.  If you are aged 12 or under (achild), we will require permission from your parent, carer or person with parental responsibility in order for you to register for a Premier League account. If you are a child, you will be asked to give the name and email address of the person with parental responsibility for you. A confirmation email will then be sent to them. Your Premier League account will only become active once that person has responded to that email confirming their parental responsibility and providing their consent. We may take other reasonable steps to confirm parental responsibility.  All personal data in respect of non-authorised child accounts is deleted immediately where parental consent has been refused and after 21 days if a child’s account is not verified.  If you have parental responsibility and would like to review any personal data that we have collected online from your child, have this information deleted, and/or request that there be no further collection or use of your child’s personal data or if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or practices, you may contact us atdataprotection@premierleague.com.  12. Contact Us  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or how we handle your personal data, please contact us using the following contact details:  Premier League Data Protection Lead  The Football Association Premier League Limited  Brunel Building, 57 North Wharf Road  London, W2 1HQ  dataprotection@premierleague.com  (0)207 864 9000 