Title: Teads Advertising Service Policy
URL: https://www.teads.com/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: 2017-11-03 14:09:36+00:00
Keywords: advertising, optout, policy, data, personal, services, ads, privacy, information, service, user, teads
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:  You have the right to be free from discrimination in product quality, goods or services if you choose to exercise your privacy rights under the CCPA. Do Not Track Signals Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. At this time, we stop running targeted advertising when we receive a “do not track” signal. For information about Do Not Track, visitwww.allaboutdnt.org. Opt-out from Teads personalized advertising If you do not want us to show you personalized ads (based on your inferred interests) please follow the below instructions: To opt-out from your web browser in any devices: If you opt-out, you will still see ads, including contextually tailored ads (i.e., ads tailored to the current website or app you are viewing) and ads based on your current location; they just may not be relevant to your interests. The opt-out mechanism will only opt you out of personalized advertising delivered by Teads in this browser or in mobile applications on this device (e.g., phones, tablets). It will not opt you out on other devices or in other browsers you use. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.  If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies.   Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. Opt-out information is stored in a cookie for 5 years. If you delete your cookies, this information will also be deleted, and you will need to renew your opt-out choices. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visitwww.youronlinechoices.com,www.aboutads.info/choices, and other similar sites. To opt-out from an in an app environment: If you opt-out, you will still see ads, including contextually tailored ads (i.e., ads tailored to the current website or app you are viewing) and ads based on your current location, they just may not be relevant to your interests. If you want to disable Teads personalized ads, please refer to your operating system settings. Mobile device system software are providing mechanisms that allow users to opt-out of the use of information about their usage of mobile apps to deliver targeted ads to their mobile device. For more information, or to opt-out using these mechanisms, consult your device settings (e.g. “Opt-out of Interest-Based Ads” on Android devices and “Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS devices). Please note that this is a device setting which will disable personalized ads from all providers, and not just for Teads. If your device’s advertising identifier is reset, you will need to renew your opt-out choice for that device. Children’s Privacy Our Services are not directed to children under the age of sixteen (16) in the United States or children under the age of legal majority in jurisdictions outside the United States, nor do we market products or services to such children. Teads Self-Regulation Commitments Teads is committed to initiatives that intend to provide greater transparency and control for users and as such adheres to the following self-regulation initiatives: The IAB EuropeTeads belongs to the IAB Europe and  conforms to theOBA Framework. The IAB Europe offers consumers an online webopt-out platformand provides general information to consumers about privacy tools.Teads is also an early adopter to theIAB Transparency and Consent frameworkthat allows the users to express their choice and inform the advertising supply chain operators about the user choice. Supply chain. Ng supply chain.EDAATeads is a member of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (“EDAA”) and is in compliance the EDAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles.EDAA was founded by aEuropean industry coalitionrepresenting advertisers, the advertising agency sector, the direct marketing sector, the advertising network sector and the media sector.EDAA offers consumers an online webopt-out platformand provides general information to consumers about privacy tools. Contact Us For any questions about this privacy policy or our data practices, you can contact Teads: By email:dpo@teads.comBy mail: Legal Department (DPO) -Teads – 97 rue du Cherche midi – 75006 Paris – FranceFor CCPA Purposes: As described in Section 9 above. Partners We may share your data with business partners, who are companies contributing to delivering the service. If you want to exercise your rights with these partners, we invite you to follow their guidelines accessible in their Privacy Policy. Partners (being updated): Criteohttps://www.criteo.com/privacy/