Title: Privacy Policy
URL: http://www.beamsuntory.com/en/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: google, policy, website, request, data, personal, legal, notice, privacy, information, processing
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with our sites:  Many of our websites use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with our sites. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you caninstall the Google Analytics browser add-on. Learn more aboutGoogle Analytics and privacy.Incognito or private browsing mode allows you to browse the web without recording web pages and files in your browser. Cookies are deleted after you have closed all of your incognito or private windows and tabs.Many browsers allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser.The Digital Advertising Alliance offers a tool for opting out of the collection of cross-app data on a desktop or mobile device for interest-based advertising. To manage your choices for companies participating in this tool, access thetoolvia your browser or download the AppChoices apphere. Choices you make are both browser and device-specific.Please consult our Cookie Policy for more information about the type of analytical cookies and tracking technologies that we use on the website and why. You also have the option to accept and reject them using our Cookie Preference Center accessible from the Cookie Policy page.  Social Media Plug-Ins  We place various social media buttons on our website in the form of a link. Following are some of the social media buttons used (but not limited to):  FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterest  Please be aware that by visiting a website which integrates social media plugins, certain data (your current IP address, visited sites, the date and time the website etc.) is forwarded to these social media services even if you are not registered with these services.  If you are already logged into the social media service when you click on the social media button, the social media service may also use this data to identify your user name and possibly even your real name. We have no control over the extent, nature and purpose of such data processing by the social media service. Please note that the social media service is perfectly capable of using this data to create pseudonymized and even individualized user profiles.  You can find further information about data protection regardingFacebook,TwitterandInstagram.  How long do we keep your data?  We retain the personal data processed by us for as long as is considered necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, including as required by applicable law or regulation and to satisfy any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. When the data is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, we securely delete it or, in some cases, anonymize it.  With whom do we share your data?  We may share your personal information with subsidiaries of Beam Suntory Inc. headquartered at 222 W Merchandise Mart Plaza, 16th Floor, Chicago, IL, 60654, USA and members of our corporate group whose parent company is Suntory Holdings Limited with its principal place of business at 2-1-40 Dojimahama, Kita-ku, Osaka, Japan where we have a legal basis for doing so. You can visit ourcorporate siteto find out more.  We may need to share your information with selected third parties that provide services to us or act on our behalf in connection with the operation of our business. We require all third party service providers to respect the privacy and security of your personal information and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not permit our third party service providers to use your personal information for their own purposes and only permit them to process your information for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.  In particular, your information may be disclosed to the following categories of recipients:  Professional advisers (e.g. IT, legal and financial advisers) and auditors.IT and system providers; website development and data storage providers; web and data analytic companies.Ecommerce platform and service providers operating and managing our online store on our behalf; card and online payment processing service providers.Digital, mobile and social media marketing agencies; mail and email deployment agencies; tour booking agencies; customer fulfilment agencies; event and competition organizers and photographers.Non-personally identifiable data such as hashed email address, IP addresses, cookie IDs and device IDs may be shared with identity resolution service & data onboarding service providers; online and social media retargeting and remarketing advertisers.Logistics, distribution and delivery service providers; manufacturing plants for personalized products.Fraud prevention and credit reference agencies; litigation and recovery specialists to recover any non-payment or debt owed to us.Building reception and security for distillery tours.Trade associates, business partners and third parties with whom we may enter into negotiations with in respect of a commercial agreement, e.g. joint business venture.Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.Law enforcement agencies; financial regulators and other relevant regulatory authorities; government bodies; tax authorities; courts tribunals and complaints/dispute resolution bodies in circumstances where we are required to disclose personal information by law.  Although we are not able to provide you with a list of all our services providers in this Privacy Notice, if you would like further information, you may contact us atdpo@beamsuntory.com  Country or State-Specific Privacy Rights  The law in some countries or states may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of personal information. To learn more about any additional rights that may be applicable to you as a resident of one of these countries or states, please see the privacy addendum for your country or state that is attached to this Privacy Notice.  Your GDPR Rights  You may have the additional rights described in the European Addendum when we collect, process, or store information in the European Union / United Kingdom.  Your California Privacy Rights  As of January 1, 2020, you may have the additional rights described in the California Addendum if you are a California resident.  Do Not Track disclosure  We adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Notice and do not monitor or respond to Do Not Track browser requests. We give all visitors control over tracking and analytical cookies using our Cookie Preference Centre, for more information please see our Cookie Policy.   The law in some countries or states may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of personal information. To learn more about any additional rights that may be applicable to you as a resident of one of these countries or states, please see the privacy addendum for your country or state that is attached to this Privacy Notice.  Your GDPR Rights  You may have the additional rights described in the European Addendum when we collect, process, or store information in the European Union / United Kingdom.  Your California Privacy Rights  As of January 1, 2020, you may have the additional rights described in the California Addendum if you are a California resident.  Do Not Track disclosure  We adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Notice and do not monitor or respond to Do Not Track browser requests. We give all visitors control over tracking and analytical cookies using our Cookie Preference Centre, for more information please see our Cookie Policy.   Pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation or equivalent local legislation, you may have the following rights:  Subject access right– You can ask us to provide you with a copy of the personal data that we hold about you and a description of how we use your information.Right to rectification– If you believe any information we hold about you may be inaccurate or incomplete, you can ask us to rectify these inaccuracies.Right to erasure / right to be forgotten– You can ask us to erase your information in certain circumstances:the personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected and processed;our legal grounds for processing is consent, you withdraw consent and we have no other lawful basis for the processing;our legal grounds for processing is that the processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by us or a third party, you object to our processing and we do not have overriding legitimate grounds;you object to our processing for direct marketing purposes;your personal data has been unlawfully processed; oryour personal data must be erased to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject.  However, please note that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.  Right to data portability– Where we process your information using automated means of processing based on your consent or for the purposes of performing a contract with you, you can ask us to supply such information to another party in a machine-readable format.Right to restriction of processing– You can ask us to restrict or suspend our processing of your information in certain limited circumstances:for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of your personal data where you have contested the accuracy of the personal data;your personal data has been unlawfully processed and you request restriction of processing instead of deletion;your personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected and processed but the personal data is required by you to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; orfor a period enabling us to verify whether the legitimate grounds relied on by us override your interests where you have objected to processing based on it being necessary for the pursuit of a legitimate interest identified by us.Right to object to processing– Where we process your information on the lawful basis of our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to us processing your information in certain circumstances:our legal grounds for processing is that the processing is necessary for a legitimate interest pursued by us or a third party; orour processing is for direct marketing purposes. If you object, your personal data will subsequently no longer be used for direct advertising purposes (objection pursuant to Art. 21 (2) GDPR) but will be retained on a suppression list.Right to withdraw consent– If we process personal data based on your express consent, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time. We do not generally process personal data based on express consent (as we can usually rely on another legal basis). However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing of your information carried out before you withdraw your consent. The consents obtained are independent from each other; therefore, you can often revoke one, without affecting the others. Revoking your consent may mean that we are no longer able to provide you with the same services.Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority- If you wish to submit a complaint or express any concerns about our use of your information, please contact us in the first instance. We will do our best to resolve your concerns to your satisfaction. However, if you feel that we have not addressed your concerns, please note that you have the right to make a complaint at any time to your local governmental or supervisory authority for data protection issues.  Data subjects in the European Union or the United Kingdom may exercise any of these rights, free of charge, by using the “Make a request” option. We will aim to respond to you within a month but this may be extended if the request is complex or we have received a number of requests from the same individual. If we have doubts about the identity of requester, we may ask for more information to confirm your identity before responding to the request.  Contact Information  If you have any questions or comments about this EU/UK Addendum, the ways in which Beam Suntory collects and uses your information described in this EU/UK Addendum or in the Privacy Notice, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under GDPR, please do not hesitate to contact us atdpo@beamsuntory.com. The address of our Data Protection Officer is Calle Mahonia, 2, 28043, Madrid, Spain.      Beam Suntory’s California Privacy Addendum  Effective Date: January 1, 2020  Last Reviewed on: January 1, 2020  This California Privacy Addendum (the “California Addendum”) supplements the information contained in Beam Suntory’s Privacy Notice (the “Privacy Notice”) and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this California Addendum to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and, unless defined in this California Addendum or the Privacy Notice, any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this California Addendum. Note that this California Addendum does not apply to our employees or prospective employees. Please contact your local human resources department if you are an employee and would like additional information about how we process your personal information.   Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with our sites:  Many of our websites use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with our sites. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you caninstall the Google Analytics browser add-on. Learn more aboutGoogle Analytics and privacy.Incognito or private browsing mode allows you to browse the web without recording web pages and files in your browser. Cookies are deleted after you have closed all of your incognito or private windows and tabs.Many browsers allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser.The Digital Advertising Alliance offers a tool for opting out of the collection of cross-app data on a desktop or mobile device for interest-based advertising. To manage your choices for companies participating in this tool, access thetoolvia your browser or download the AppChoices apphere. Choices you make are both browser and device-specific.Please consult our Cookie Policy for more information about the type of analytical cookies and tracking technologies that we use on the website and why. You also have the option to accept and reject them using our Cookie Preference Center accessible from the Cookie Policy page.  Social Media Plug-Ins  We place various social media buttons on our website in the form of a link. Following are some of the social media buttons used (but not limited to):  FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterest  Please be aware that by visiting a website which integrates social media plugins, certain data (your current IP address, visited sites, the date and time the website etc.) is forwarded to these social media services even if you are not registered with these services.  If you are already logged into the social media service when you click on the social media button, the social media service may also use this data to identify your user name and possibly even your real name. We have no control over the extent, nature and purpose of such data processing by the social media service. Please note that the social media service is perfectly capable of using this data to create pseudonymized and even individualized user profiles.  You can find further information about data protection regardingFacebook,TwitterandInstagram.  How long do we keep your data?  We retain the personal data processed by us for as long as is considered necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, including as required by applicable law or regulation and to satisfy any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. When the data is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, we securely delete it or, in some cases, anonymize it.  With whom do we share your data?  We may share your personal information with subsidiaries of Beam Suntory Inc. headquartered at 222 W Merchandise Mart Plaza, 16th Floor, Chicago, IL, 60654, USA and members of our corporate group whose parent company is Suntory Holdings Limited with its principal place of business at 2-1-40 Dojimahama, Kita-ku, Osaka, Japan where we have a legal basis for doing so. You can visit ourcorporate siteto find out more.  We may need to share your information with selected third parties that provide services to us or act on our behalf in connection with the operation of our business. We require all third party service providers to respect the privacy and security of your personal information and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not permit our third party service providers to use your personal information for their own purposes and only permit them to process your information for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.  In particular, your information may be disclosed to the following categories of recipients:  Professional advisers (e.g. IT, legal and financial advisers) and auditors.IT and system providers; website development and data storage providers; web and data analytic companies.Ecommerce platform and service providers operating and managing our online store on our behalf; card and online payment processing service providers.Digital, mobile and social media marketing agencies; mail and email deployment agencies; tour booking agencies; customer fulfilment agencies; event and competition organizers and photographers.Non-personally identifiable data such as hashed email address, IP addresses, cookie IDs and device IDs may be shared with identity resolution service & data onboarding service providers; online and social media retargeting and remarketing advertisers.Logistics, distribution and delivery service providers; manufacturing plants for personalized products.Fraud prevention and credit reference agencies; litigation and recovery specialists to recover any non-payment or debt owed to us.Building reception and security for distillery tours.Trade associates, business partners and third parties with whom we may enter into negotiations with in respect of a commercial agreement, e.g. joint business venture.Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.Law enforcement agencies; financial regulators and other relevant regulatory authorities; government bodies; tax authorities; courts tribunals and complaints/dispute resolution bodies in circumstances where we are required to disclose personal information by law.  Although we are not able to provide you with a list of all our services providers in this Privacy Notice, if you would like further information, you may contact us atdpo@beamsuntory.com  Country or State-Specific Privacy Rights  The law in some countries or states may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of personal information. To learn more about any additional rights that may be applicable to you as a resident of one of these countries or states, please see the privacy addendum for your country or state that is attached to this Privacy Notice.  Your GDPR Rights  You may have the additional rights described in the European Addendum when we collect, process, or store information in the European Union / United Kingdom.  Your California Privacy Rights  As of January 1, 2020, you may have the additional rights described in the California Addendum if you are a California resident.  Do Not Track disclosure  We adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Notice and do not monitor or respond to Do Not Track browser requests. We give all visitors control over tracking and analytical cookies using our Cookie Preference Centre, for more information please see our Cookie Policy.   The law in some countries or states may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of personal information. To learn more about any additional rights that may be applicable to you as a resident of one of these countries or states, please see the privacy addendum for your country or state that is attached to this Privacy Notice.  Your GDPR Rights  You may have the additional rights described in the European Addendum when we collect, process, or store information in the European Union / United Kingdom.  Your California Privacy Rights  As of January 1, 2020, you may have the additional rights described in the California Addendum if you are a California resident.  Do Not Track disclosure  We adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Notice and do not monitor or respond to Do Not Track browser requests. We give all visitors control over tracking and analytical cookies using our Cookie Preference Centre, for more information please see our Cookie Policy.   Pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation or equivalent local legislation, you may have the following rights:  Subject access right– You can ask us to provide you with a copy of the personal data that we hold about you and a description of how we use your information.Right to rectification– If you believe any information we hold about you may be inaccurate or incomplete, you can ask us to rectify these inaccuracies.Right to erasure / right to be forgotten– You can ask us to erase your information in certain circumstances:the personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected and processed;our legal grounds for processing is consent, you withdraw consent and we have no other lawful basis for the processing;our legal grounds for processing is that the processing is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by us or a third party, you object to our processing and we do not have overriding legitimate grounds;you object to our processing for direct marketing purposes;your personal data has been unlawfully processed; oryour personal data must be erased to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject.  However, please note that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.  Right to data portability– Where we process your information using automated means of processing based on your consent or for the purposes of performing a contract with you, you can ask us to supply such information to another party in a machine-readable format.Right to restriction of processing– You can ask us to restrict or suspend our processing of your information in certain limited circumstances:for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of your personal data where you have contested the accuracy of the personal data;your personal data has been unlawfully processed and you request restriction of processing instead of deletion;your personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected and processed but the personal data is required by you to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; orfor a period enabling us to verify whether the legitimate grounds relied on by us override your interests where you have objected to processing based on it being necessary for the pursuit of a legitimate interest identified by us.Right to object to processing– Where we process your information on the lawful basis of our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to us processing your information in certain circumstances:our legal grounds for processing is that the processing is necessary for a legitimate interest pursued by us or a third party; orour processing is for direct marketing purposes. If you object, your personal data will subsequently no longer be used for direct advertising purposes (objection pursuant to Art. 21 (2) GDPR) but will be retained on a suppression list.Right to withdraw consent– If we process personal data based on your express consent, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time. We do not generally process personal data based on express consent (as we can usually rely on another legal basis). However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing of your information carried out before you withdraw your consent. The consents obtained are independent from each other; therefore, you can often revoke one, without affecting the others. Revoking your consent may mean that we are no longer able to provide you with the same services.Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority- If you wish to submit a complaint or express any concerns about our use of your information, please contact us in the first instance. We will do our best to resolve your concerns to your satisfaction. However, if you feel that we have not addressed your concerns, please note that you have the right to make a complaint at any time to your local governmental or supervisory authority for data protection issues.  Data subjects in the European Union or the United Kingdom may exercise any of these rights, free of charge, by using the “Make a request” option. We will aim to respond to you within a month but this may be extended if the request is complex or we have received a number of requests from the same individual. If we have doubts about the identity of requester, we may ask for more information to confirm your identity before responding to the request.  Contact Information  If you have any questions or comments about this EU/UK Addendum, the ways in which Beam Suntory collects and uses your information described in this EU/UK Addendum or in the Privacy Notice, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under GDPR, please do not hesitate to contact us atdpo@beamsuntory.com. The address of our Data Protection Officer is Calle Mahonia, 2, 28043, Madrid, Spain.      Beam Suntory’s California Privacy Addendum  Effective Date: January 1, 2020  Last Reviewed on: January 1, 2020  This California Privacy Addendum (the “California Addendum”) supplements the information contained in Beam Suntory’s Privacy Notice (the “Privacy Notice”) and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this California Addendum to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and, unless defined in this California Addendum or the Privacy Notice, any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this California Addendum. Note that this California Addendum does not apply to our employees or prospective employees. Please contact your local human resources department if you are an employee and would like additional information about how we process your personal information. 