Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.docusign.com/company/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: 2015-08-12 02:33:24-07:00
Keywords: collect, account, services, data, share, personal, information, privacy, policy, cookies

Reduced Policy:   You may have certain rights related to your personal information, subject to local data protection laws. These rights may include:    You can access and review personal information associated with your account at any time by clickinghere(https://support.docusign.com/en/guides/ndse-user-guide-manage-your-identity)/ You also can request the following information: how we collect and use your personal information and why; the categories of personal information involved; the categories of recipients of your personal information; how we received your personal information and its source; our business purpose for using your personal information; and how long we use or store your personal information or the manner in which we determine relevant retention periods.You have a right to correct your personal information.In certain situations, you can ask that we delete/erase or stop using your personal information (and object to use of your personal information) or export your personal information.Where we rely on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to decline consent and/or if provided, to withdraw consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing prior to the withdrawal of your consent. At any time, you can request that we stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes. See Section 5 of our Privacy Policy for more information on your choices.You have a right to provide us with guidance on the use, storage, and deletion of your personal information after your death.You have a right to raise questions or complaints with your local data protection authority at any time.You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you. You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity. If you have an account with us, we may verify you through your login of your account. If you do not have an account with us, we may seek a confirmation by email or seek other identification information, including government-issued identification, to verify your identity.  You may authorize an agent to make a request to us on your behalf and we will verify the identity of your agent or authorized legal representative by either seeking confirmation from you or documents that establish the agent’s authorization to act on your behalf.  Please note your rights and choices vary depending upon your location. Certain personal information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. We need certain types of personal information so that we can provide the product and Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our product and Services.  If you wish to exercise these rights, please contact us athttps://support.docusign.com/SARor emailsubjectaccessrequest@docusign.com.  Transfers to the U.S. and Third Countries.We may transfer your personal information outside of your jurisdiction for further processing. DocuSign has adopted Binding Corporate Rules to facilitate the transfer of personal information from the EEA to DocuSign outside of the EEA. You may view our Binding Corporate Rules athttps://trust.docusign.com/en-us/trust-certifications/gdpr/bcr-p-processor-privacy-codeandhttps://trust.docusign.com/en-us/trust-certifications/gdpr/bcr-c-csb-privacy-code.  California.California residents may ask for a list of third parties that have received your personal information for direct marketing purposes during the previous calendar year. This list also contains the types of personal information shared. We provide this list at no cost. If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please click here (https://support.docusign.com/SARor emailsubjectaccessrequest@docusign.com).   