Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/privacy/international
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, privacy

Reduced Policy:   Subject to conditions specified by applicable law, persons have the right to: (i) inquire whether and what kind of personal data we hold about you and how it is processed, and to access or request copies of such personal data; (ii) request the correction or supplementation of personal data about you that is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date in light of the purposes underlying the processing; or to (iii) obtain the erasure of personal data no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, processed for legitimate interests that, in the context of your objection, do not prove to be compelling or necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, or processed in non‑compliance with applicable legal requirements. In addition, you have, subject to the conditions set out in applicable law and without limitation, the rights to: (iv) request us to restrict the processing of personal data in certain situations where you feel its processing is inappropriate; (v) object, on grounds relating to your particular situation or where your personal data is used for direct marketing purposes, to the processing of personal data for legitimate interests; and to (vi) request portability of personal data that you have provided to us, where the processing of such personal data is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means. In case of concerns, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority having appropriate jurisdiction. If you have questions or requests relating to our privacy practices and this Privacy Policy or would like to exercise the above mentioned rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, objection and data portability, you may contact us athttps://support.logmeininc.com/contactus, which allows you to make a request online or through a phone call and/or via e-mail atprivacy@logmein.com. We will respond to your request as required by applicable law, but in any regard within (30) days.  Please note that for personal data about you that we have obtained or received for processing on behalf of a separate, unaffiliated entity – which determined the means and purposes of processing, all such requests should be made to that entity directly. We will honor and support any instructions they provide us with respect to your personal information.  If you wish to no longer receive marketing communications from us, you can opt-out of marketing by clicking on the unsubscribe link on any marketing email you receive, or athttp://solutions.logmein.com/unsubscribe. Note that if you are a LastPass user, please visithttps://lp.logmeininc.com/unsubscribeto opt-out.  If you have any other questions about this policy please contact theLogMeIn Privacy Team, call us at the applicable support numberhere, or write to us via postal mail at: Attn: Legal and Privacy Team, LogMeIn, The Reflector, 10 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, D02R573, Republic of Ireland. To reach our Global Customer Support department, you may contact ushere.  You can additionally contact our Data Protection and/or Privacy Officer(s) by sending an e-mail toprivacy@logmein.comor via postal address (at the address above), please mark the envelope, “Data Protection Officer, c/o LogMeIn Legal.”  If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you may also contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) athttps://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.   