Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.bt.com/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, right, services, service, products, privacy, information, permission, need, purposes
Policy: 
Firstly, we are under a legal obligation to let you know what personal information we collect about you, what we use it for and on what basis. We always need a good reason and we also have to explain to you your rights in relation to that information. You have the right to know what information we hold about you and to have a copy of it, and you can ask us to change or sometimes delete it.

The reasons we collect information are set out in this privacy policy, but we are not telling you all this just because we have to. As a communications provider, most of what we do – from connecting calls to developing and promoting our services – involves using personal information. And we believe that it is very important for our customers to trust us with that information. We want you to be confident that we will keep it secure and use it both lawfully and ethically, respecting your privacy.

Our support for the right to privacy, as part of our broader commitment to human rights, is stated in our human rights policy. And our privacy policy explains in detail how we use your personal information. It describes what we do (or what we may do) from the moment you ask for a service from us, when we may use your information for credit-checking purposes, through to providing and billing for that service. It also applies to marketing other products that we think will interest you.

But whatever we do with your information, we need a legal basis for doing it. We generally rely on one of three grounds (reasons) for our business processing. Firstly, if you have ordered or take a service from us, we are entitled to process your information so that we can provide that service to you and bill you for it.

Secondly, if we want to collect and use your information for other purposes, we may need to ask for your consent (permission) and, if we do, that permission must always be indicated by a positive action from you (such as ticking a box) and be informed. You are also free to withdraw your permission at any time. We tend to need permission when what is proposed is more intrusive (for example, sharing your contact details with other organisations so they can market their own products and services to you).

But we do not always need permission. In some cases, having assessed whether our use would be fair and not override your right to privacy, we may come to the view that it falls within the third ground – our ‘legitimate interests’ to use the information in a particular way without your permission (for example, to protect our network against cyber-attacks). But when we do this, we must tell you as you may have a right to object. And if you object specifically to us sending you marketing material, or to ‘profiling you’ for marketing purposes, we must then stop.

This is all set out in detail in this policy, which focuses more on those items that we think are likely to be of most interest to you. As well as covering processing for business purposes, we give you information on circumstances in which we may have to, or can choose to, share your information.

Our privacy policy

Please read this policy carefully as it applies to the products and services we provide to you (such as your phone, mobile, wi-fi, TV and broadband), our apps and our websites. It applies to our consumer, sole trader and partnership customers but doesn’t apply to the information we hold about companies or organisations.

It also applies even if you’re not one of our customers and you interact with us as part of running our business, such as by:

using one of our products or services – paid for by someone else;

taking part in a survey or trial;

entering a prize promotion;

calling our helpdesk; or

generally enquiring about our services.

If you need to give us personal information about someone else in relation to our products and services, the privacy policy will also apply. And if we need the permission of the other person to use that information, we’ll ask you to check they are OK with this.

Technology is a fast-changing area and can be complicated. We’ve included a glossary which explains the meaning of any technical terms we use.


