Title: Copyright notice
URL: http://www.thomsonreuters.com/en/policies/copyright.html
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: notice, copyright, product, address, infringement, material, thomson, statement, information, act

Reduced Policy:    Follow these links for information on seeking permission to use Thomson Reuters materials, as well as purchasing reprints, images and products:  Request rights and permissions for Legal Solutions products.Request Reuters text reprints.Request Reuters pictures and Reuters graphics.Request Reuters video.Request Reuters products and gifts.Request rights and permissions for Tax & Accounting’s PPC® and Quickfinder® content.Request rights and permissions for all other Tax and Accounting content(permission will not be granted for any web republication requests).Logo request? Visit theTrade Mark Center.Other General Rights and Permissions requests.   If you believe that your work has been copied or otherwise made available on a Thomson Reuters product or service in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify us by contacting us by email or by contacting our designated agent listed below. Please include sufficient information for us to identify the material involved.  If your query is not infringement related click here forRights and Permissions, Reprints and Products.  Thomson Reuters Copyright AgentThomson Reuters3 Times SquareNew York, NY 10036  Tel: +1 646-223-4354Fax: +1 646-223-4356  Email(for copyright infringement concerns only)   Notification Process  If you are contacting us about material included on a Thomson Reuters product or service at the direction of someone outside of Thomson Reuters, please include the information noted below in your notification. Please consult your legal counsel or review the U.S Digital Millennium Copyright Act see 17 U.S.C. Section 512 to confirm these requirements:  Your physical or electronic signature.Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed.Information which will help us locate the material on our product or service.Your complete contact information, including your name, address, telephone number, and email address.A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act as the owner or on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.#If your notification does not substantially comply with this format, we may be unable to properly analyze and respond.Please remember that knowing misrepresentation that the material or activity is infringing, or that it was removed in error may be liable for damages.  Counter-Notification Process  If you receive a notice that material you posted to a Thomson Reuters product or services is being blocked or removed due to a copyright infringement allegation, you may send us a counter notice explaining why you believe the blocking or removal is in error. Again, please consult your legal counsel or review the U.S Digital Millennium Copyright Act see 17 U.S.C. Section 512 to confirm these requirements.  To be effective, such notice must be in writing and include the following:  Your physical or electronic signature.Identification of the copyrighted work blocked or removed. Information which will help us locate where the material had appeared on our product or service.Your complete contact information, including your name, address, telephone number, and email address.A statement that you have a good faith belief that removal or blocking of the material was the result of a mistake or misidentification.A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if you are outside the United States, the judicial district in which we are located, and that you will accept service of process from the person who contacted us regarding the alleged infringement person, or his or her agent.  Please send your notice to the Thomson Reuters Copyright Agent at the above mentioned address. 