Title: Adobe Privacy Center
URL: https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html
Date of publishing: 2020-08-25 16:15:09.004000+00:00
Keywords: websites, adobe, apps, ireland, personal, countries, united, privacy, information, center, transfer
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   Under the law of some jurisdictions, you may have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal information; to correct, delete or restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal information; and to obtain the personal information you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine readable format, and to ask us to share (port) this information to another controller.    In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal information in some circumstances (such as where we are using the information for direct marketing).    These rights may be limited, for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal personal information about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or which we need to defend claims against us.    To exercise any of these rights (including deactivating your Adobe ID account), you can get in touch with us – or our data protection officer – using the details set out below. Additionally, many of our websites and apps allow you to edit your personal information by accessing the "my account," "my profile," or a similar feature of the app or website you are using. Likewise, you can delete files or photos you have stored in our websites and apps by logging in and using the deletion functions that are available.    If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to report them to your local privacy regulator or data protection authority and, where applicable, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with Adobe Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission.    To register with Adobe, to create an Adobe ID, and to use some Adobe websites, apps, products or services, the provision of some information is mandatory: if relevant information is not provided, then we will not be able to administer an Adobe account to you, or provide you with the websites, apps, products or services requested. All other provision of your information is optional. Providing optional information will help us offer you a better experience, such as more personalized or tailored content or offerings.    