Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.defensenews.com/privacy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, collect, data, personal, services, parties, provide, cookies, privacy, information
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:  If you live in the European Economic Area, or a similar international area, you may have additional privacy rights available to you under applicable laws. We will obtain consents and process your requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  If you would like to exercise any of the below rights, please contact privacy@sightlinemg.com so that we may consider your request in accordance with applicable law: Change or Correct Data : You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it is inaccurate.Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data : You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).Request Erasure : You can ask us to erase your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to use of data, where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.Right to Access, Transfer and/or Take Your Data : You can ask us for a copy of your personal data, including in a machine-readable format or transfer of your personal data to a third party.Withdraw Consent at any Time : Where we are relying on consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw your consent at any time. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent. We will respond to inquiries regarding correction or deletion of data within a reasonable time frame in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.  If you are located in the European Union and wish to raise a concern about our use of your information, please contact the Data Protection Officer at dpo@sightlinemg.com . You also have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the data protection authority so please contact us in the first instance.  Sightline has a lawful basis to collect, use, and share data about you. Our lawful bases for the collection and processing of personal data include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Services you have requested) and for the purpose of advancing legitimate interests in engaging in commerce, offering products and services of value to the users of the Services, preventing fraud, ensuring information and network security and complying with industry standards and practices.  Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time, and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. If you have any questions regarding the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@sightlinemg.com . VIII. YOUR CANADIAN PRIVACY RIGHTS Canadian Residents may have additional rights under Canadian law. Please see the information provided by the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada for additional details.  You, and we, confirm that it is our wish that this Privacy Policy and all other related policies be drawn up in English. Vous reconnaissent avoir exigé la rédaction en anglais du présent document ainsi que tous les documents qui s’y rattachent. IX. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Under the California “Shine The Light” law, California residents may opt-out of Sightline’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. As detailed above, you may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by emailing us at opt-out@sightlinemg.com , or submitting a request to Opt-Out Postal, Sightline Media Group LLC, 1919 Gallows Road, Suite 400, Vienna, VA 22182. It is important to note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes. X. KIDS AND PARENTS The Services are not intended for use by children, especially those under thirteen. Sightline will not knowingly allow anyone under the age of thirteen to register for any of our Services or provide any personally identifying information. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13 as part of the Services, we will delete such information from our records. XI. SECURITY, RETENTION, AND STORAGE OF INFORMATION Sightline is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data. No system can be completely secure, however. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.  We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for as long as we need it for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws. XII. MARKETING We may use your personal data to send you information about the services and/or job opportunities provided by Sightline Media Group LLC, provided, however that we will obtain consent to do so from European Economic Area data subjects. You may unsubscribe from our marketing e-mails by clicking “Unsubscribe” in any promotional e-mail communications we send you. As permitted by applicable law, you cannot opt-out of non-marketing, services-related notices. XIII. INTERNATIONAL TRANFERS Sightline is headquartered in the United States. Please be aware that if information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Services may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or to another country in accordance with applicable law.  Sightline (as Data Controller and Data Exporter) has, where local data protection regulations so require, put in place security measures for the export of personal data from its jurisdiction. For instance, where required, Sightline takes steps to ensure that your personal data is processed only in accordance with EU Data Protection laws. If you wish to learn more about international transfers of your personal data, you may contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@sightlinemg.com . XIV. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy in the future, we will post the changes here and indicate at the top of the policy the last date on which it was updated. Unless otherwise noted, all changes will be effective when posted. Continued use of our Services, following posting of such changes, shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms of such changes. If you do not agree, you should immediately discontinue your use of the Services. XV. HOW TO CONTACT US If you have any questions or concerns about the Sightline Media Group Privacy Policy or its implementation, please contact us via email at privacy@sightlinemg.com or in writing to:    Legal Department  Sightline Media Group LLC  1919 Gallows Road, Ste. 400  Vienna, Virginia 22182    This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.  This Privacy Policy was revised on January 1, 2020.   Canadian Residents may have additional rights under Canadian law. Please see the information provided by the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada for additional details.  You, and we, confirm that it is our wish that this Privacy Policy and all other related policies be drawn up in English. Vous reconnaissent avoir exigé la rédaction en anglais du présent document ainsi que tous les documents qui s’y rattachent. IX. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Under the California “Shine The Light” law, California residents may opt-out of Sightline’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. As detailed above, you may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by emailing us at opt-out@sightlinemg.com , or submitting a request to Opt-Out Postal, Sightline Media Group LLC, 1919 Gallows Road, Suite 400, Vienna, VA 22182. It is important to note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes. X. KIDS AND PARENTS The Services are not intended for use by children, especially those under thirteen. Sightline will not knowingly allow anyone under the age of thirteen to register for any of our Services or provide any personally identifying information. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13 as part of the Services, we will delete such information from our records. XI. SECURITY, RETENTION, AND STORAGE OF INFORMATION Sightline is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data. No system can be completely secure, however. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.  We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for as long as we need it for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws. XII. MARKETING We may use your personal data to send you information about the services and/or job opportunities provided by Sightline Media Group LLC, provided, however that we will obtain consent to do so from European Economic Area data subjects. You may unsubscribe from our marketing e-mails by clicking “Unsubscribe” in any promotional e-mail communications we send you. As permitted by applicable law, you cannot opt-out of non-marketing, services-related notices. XIII. INTERNATIONAL TRANFERS Sightline is headquartered in the United States. Please be aware that if information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Services may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or to another country in accordance with applicable law.  Sightline (as Data Controller and Data Exporter) has, where local data protection regulations so require, put in place security measures for the export of personal data from its jurisdiction. For instance, where required, Sightline takes steps to ensure that your personal data is processed only in accordance with EU Data Protection laws. If you wish to learn more about international transfers of your personal data, you may contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@sightlinemg.com . XIV. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy in the future, we will post the changes here and indicate at the top of the policy the last date on which it was updated. Unless otherwise noted, all changes will be effective when posted. Continued use of our Services, following posting of such changes, shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms of such changes. If you do not agree, you should immediately discontinue your use of the Services. XV. HOW TO CONTACT US If you have any questions or concerns about the Sightline Media Group Privacy Policy or its implementation, please contact us via email at privacy@sightlinemg.com or in writing to:    Legal Department  Sightline Media Group LLC  1919 Gallows Road, Ste. 400  Vienna, Virginia 22182    This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.  This Privacy Policy was revised on January 1, 2020.   Under the California “Shine The Light” law, California residents may opt-out of Sightline’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. As detailed above, you may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by emailing us at opt-out@sightlinemg.com , or submitting a request to Opt-Out Postal, Sightline Media Group LLC, 1919 Gallows Road, Suite 400, Vienna, VA 22182. It is important to note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes. X. KIDS AND PARENTS The Services are not intended for use by children, especially those under thirteen. Sightline will not knowingly allow anyone under the age of thirteen to register for any of our Services or provide any personally identifying information. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13 as part of the Services, we will delete such information from our records. XI. SECURITY, RETENTION, AND STORAGE OF INFORMATION Sightline is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data. No system can be completely secure, however. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.  We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for as long as we need it for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws. XII. MARKETING We may use your personal data to send you information about the services and/or job opportunities provided by Sightline Media Group LLC, provided, however that we will obtain consent to do so from European Economic Area data subjects. You may unsubscribe from our marketing e-mails by clicking “Unsubscribe” in any promotional e-mail communications we send you. As permitted by applicable law, you cannot opt-out of non-marketing, services-related notices. XIII. INTERNATIONAL TRANFERS Sightline is headquartered in the United States. Please be aware that if information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Services may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or to another country in accordance with applicable law.  Sightline (as Data Controller and Data Exporter) has, where local data protection regulations so require, put in place security measures for the export of personal data from its jurisdiction. For instance, where required, Sightline takes steps to ensure that your personal data is processed only in accordance with EU Data Protection laws. If you wish to learn more about international transfers of your personal data, you may contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@sightlinemg.com . XIV. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy in the future, we will post the changes here and indicate at the top of the policy the last date on which it was updated. Unless otherwise noted, all changes will be effective when posted. Continued use of our Services, following posting of such changes, shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms of such changes. If you do not agree, you should immediately discontinue your use of the Services. XV. HOW TO CONTACT US If you have any questions or concerns about the Sightline Media Group Privacy Policy or its implementation, please contact us via email at privacy@sightlinemg.com or in writing to:    Legal Department  Sightline Media Group LLC  1919 Gallows Road, Ste. 400  Vienna, Virginia 22182    This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.  This Privacy Policy was revised on January 1, 2020.  