Title: Privacy Policy - Zynga
URL: https://www.zynga.com/privacy/policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: games, collect, thirdparty, contact, services, zynga, personal, information, privacy, policy, game

Reduced Policy:   If you’re a user located in the UK or European Countries, you have certain rights with 	respect to your personal information.  UK and European Countries’ Users’ RightsIf you are located in the UK or European Countries (defined above inSection 1), you have the following data protection rights:You canaccessor requestdeletionof your personal information by submitting a request through ourPersonal Data Request Portal.You cancorrectorupdateyour personal information,object to processingof your personal information, ask us torestrict processingof your personal information or requestportabilityof your personal information.You canopt-out of marketing communicationswe send you by following the instructions in “Opting Out of Promotional Communications from Zynga” below.If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you canwithdraw your consentat any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.You have theright to complain to a data protection authorityabout our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority (Contact details are availablehere.)To exercise your rights to access or deletion, please submit a request through ourPersonal Data Request Portal. (For inquiries/requests regarding Empires & Puzzles, please contact us viahttps://support.smallgiantgames.com/. For inquiries/requests regarding Puzzle Combat contact us viahttps://smallgiantgames.helpshift.com/a/puzzle-combat/). If you have any problems with the Portal or would like to exercise any of your other rights, you canContact Us. We respond to all data protection requests we receive in accordance with applicable data protection laws.If you are located in the Republic of Turkey, you have the rights listed under Article 11 of the 6698 No. Law on Protection of Personal Data.  Contact Us for your queries and requests.  Accessing and Deleting Personal Information Held by Zynga  You can request a copy of or deletion of your game account data through our Personal Data Request Portal.  To review and update personal information associated with your Zynga player profile in certain games, visit the “settings” page in that game.If you want to review or delete personal information associated with your game account data, please submit a request through ourPersonal Data Request Portal. (For inquiries/requests regarding Empires & Puzzles, please contact us viahttps://support.smallgiantgames.com/. For inquiries/requests regarding Puzzle Combat contact us viahttps://smallgiantgames.helpshift.com/a/puzzle-combat/). If you have any problems with the Portal, pleaseContact Us.For deletion requests, we will take reasonable measures to delete your personal information from our records. If you have sent content through or posted content on the Service, we may not be able to delete it. We will keep certain records (e.g., personal information relating to payments or customer service matters) where we need (and have rights) to, such as for legal or accounting purposes. We’ll also keep information in order to exercise, defend, or establish our rights.  Managing Personal Information We Receive From Third-Party Applications / Platforms And From Your Mobile Device  To manage the information we receive from third-party applications or platforms and from your mobile device, use the tools and settings provided by the third-party application and your mobile device.  To manage the information Zynga receives about you from a third-party application or platform where you play our games, like Facebook, Apple, Google, or Amazon, you will need to follow the third-party application’s instructions for updating your information and changing your privacy settings. The privacy management tools for applications on Facebook can be foundhere.You also can manage many aspects of information collection and use from your mobile device by visiting the “settings” page of your mobile device or web browser and reviewing the access permissions of each Zynga game / application.To the extent that one of our games is collecting information about non-Zynga applications you have on your mobile device, the game will provide you with an option to stop making that information available to us in the game’s “settings” page.Once Zynga receives your information from a third-party application / platform or your mobile device, that information is stored and used by Zynga in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You may access and update that information as described above.  Opting Out of Promotional Communications from Zynga  You can unsubscribe from promotional emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” link or visiting our Email Settings page. You can opt out of mobile push notifications in your device’s settings page. You can opt out of SMS text communications by texting STOP.  If you want to stop receiving promotional e-mails from Zynga, click on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any promotional email from Zynga or visit ourEmail Settings page. (For inquiries/requests regarding Empires & Puzzles, please contact us viahttps://support.smallgiantgames.com/. For inquiries/requests regarding Puzzle Combat contact us viahttps://smallgiantgames.helpshift.com/a/puzzle-combat/). Your unsubscribe request or e-mail preferences change will be processed promptly, and in no event longer than ten business days. During that processing period, you may receive additional promotional emails from us.If you want to stop receiving push notifications, which are messages an app sends you on your mobile device even when the app is not on, you can turn off push notifications by visiting your mobile device’s “settings” page. Many of our games also offer the ability to turn off push notifications in the in-game “settings” page.You can opt out of receiving SMS text messages by texting back STOP to the number we send the text from for that particular SMS text messaging program or byContacting Us. (For inquiries/requests regarding Empires & Puzzles, please contact us viahttps://support.smallgiantgames.com/. For inquiries/requests regarding Puzzle Combat contact us viahttps://smallgiantgames.helpshift.com/a/puzzle-combat/). When we receive an opt-out message from you for SMS text messages, we may send a text message confirming receipt.Please note that if you opt out of receiving promotional communications from us, we may still communicate with you from time to time if we need to provide you with information about the Services you are using from us, if we need to request information from you with respect to a transaction initiated by you, or for other legitimate non-marketing reasons, for example, if we are required under applicable laws to notify you of updates to this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service.  Opting Out of Third-Party Behavioral Advertising  You can opt out of third-party behavioral advertising through your device settings and other third-party opt-out tools.  If you are interested in more information about behavioral advertising and your choices to prevent behavioral web and mobile web advertising from third parties, you may visit the following websites:Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out Pageor theDigital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Pagefor U.S.-based advertising; andYour Online Choiceswebsite for EU-based advertising.If you do not want to receive behavioral in-application advertisements from third parties that relate to your interests on your mobile device, you may adjust the ad tracking settings on your device (such as turning on “Limit Ad Tracking”). You can also reset the “Advertising Identifier” (such as an IDFA) from your mobile device’s settings page, which will prevent continued use of existing behavioral data tied to your previous “Advertising Identifier.” Further, depending on the platform provider (such as Apple or Google), you may be able to download apps, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “AppChoices” app, that offer to provide you with control regarding the collection and use of cross-app data for behavioral advertising.All of the opt-out tools described in this subsection are provided by third parties, not by Zynga. Zynga does not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.Please note that you may still receive third-party advertisements in Zynga’s Services after using these opt-out tools, but the advertising you see may be less relevant to your interests.  6. California Notice  We aren’t responsible for the ways in which third parties use your information (other than our service providers acting under our instructions).  If you are a California resident, you may be able to exercise additional rights granted by California law in relation to the Personal Information about you that we have collected (subject to certain limitations). For additional information concerning these rights, please review ourCalifornia Notice.  7. Privacy Policies of Linked Third-Party Services and Advertisers  Our websites and games may contain advertisements from “Third-Party Services,” meaning companies other than Zynga, that may link to their own websites, online services, or mobile applications. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Third-Party Services. If you have any questions about how these Third-Party Services use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.  8. Our Policies Concerning Children  We seek to ensure that we do not collect information from children.  Generally speaking, most of our Services are not intended for children under the age of 13 (or under 16 for children located in the UK or European Countries) (collectively, “Children”). Children are not permitted to use these Services, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from Children.Though our Services do not target Children as the primary audience, we may collect age information before allowing a user to proceed for certain Services. For users who identify themselves as Children in our age-gate on such Services, if we allow Children to use the Services, we will either provide a version of that Service that does not collect, use, or disclose “personal information” (as defined in the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”)), except as permitted by COPPA, or obtain legally valid parental consent.If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information that is not subject to a COPPA exception from a Child, we will take reasonable measures to promptly remove that information from our records.  9. International Operations and Transfers Out of the UK or European Countries  When you use our Services, your personal information may be sent to the United States and possibly other countries. When we process personal information collected in the UK or European Countries outside of the UK or European Countries (as applicable), we comply with our legal obligations and ensure that your personal information is subject to suitable safeguards or transferred to “approved” territories.  As part of our international operations, we may transfer personal information to our “Affiliated Entities,” which are any other corporate entities under common ownership with Zynga Inc., or to our business partners and service providers from time to time for our legitimate business purposes.We store personal information about players and visitors to our sites on servers located in the United States, and we may also process this information in other countries where our Affiliated Entities, business partners and service providers have their operations.  Personal information collected in the UK or European Countries may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of the UK or European Countries (as applicable) for purposes such as: (i) the processing of transactions and your payment details, or (ii) the provision of support services. When we transfer your personal information internationally we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is treated securely, lawfully, and in the manner we describe here. This may include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our Affiliated Entities, business partners and service providers (where applicable) to protect personal information they process from the UK and the European Countries, or any other lawful solution that permits the lawful transfer of personal information from those countries. Please note that laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, so the privacy laws applicable to the places where your information is transferred to or stored, used, or processed in, may be different from the privacy laws applicable to the place where you are resident.In addition, Zynga, Inc. and its US subsidiaries are Privacy Shield certified.  The Zynga entities and subsidiaries listed in our Privacy Shield certification record accessiblehereare certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, effective as of the date our certification postedhere. Although we do not rely on the Privacy Shield to receive personal information from the UK and the European Companies under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation 2016/679), we will adhere to the relevant Privacy Shield Principles for all personal information received from the European Union and the UK.EU and UK residents should direct any questions, concerns or complaints regarding Zynga’s handling of personal information or compliance with the Privacy Shield to Zynga at:Privacy Shield SpecialistZynga Inc.699 8th StreetSan Francisco, CA 94103privacy@zynga.comWe will attempt to answer your questions and satisfy your concerns in a timely and complete manner. If, after discussing the matter with us, your question or complaint is not resolved, you may seek further assistance, at no cost to you, from JAMS athttps://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield, which is an independent dispute resolution body in the United States. PLEASE CONTACT ZYNGA FIRST.If your complaint still is not resolved through these channels, under limited circumstances more fully described on thePrivacy Shield website, an additional binding arbitration option may be available to you.You may exercise any rights you have to correct, amend, or delete information about you as described inYour Rights and How to Access, Update, and Manage Your Personal Information.When Zynga transfers personal information which is protected under the Privacy Shield to a third-party service provider acting as an agent on our behalf, Zynga has certain liability under the Privacy Shield if both (i) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield, and (ii) Zynga is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.With respect to personal information protected under or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Zynga is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.  10. How Long We Keep Your Information  We’ll keep your information for as long as necessary to provide you with the Services, maintain our legitimate business operations, and/or exercise, defend or establish our rights.  How long we retain your personal information depends on why we collected it and how we use it, but we will not retain your personal information for longer than is necessary for our business purposes or for legal requirements.We will retain personal information about you and connected with your account and/or the Services you use from us for as long as you have an active account with us. We will take reasonable measures to delete this personal information if you delete your account. However, you acknowledge that we may retain some information after you have closed, or we have deleted, your account with us where necessary to enable us to meet our legal obligations or to exercise, defend, or establish our rights.  11. Security of Your Information  We work hard to protect your information but you also have a role to play.  We implement reasonable and appropriate security measures to help protect the security of your information both online and offline and to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These measures vary based upon the sensitivity of your information.If you have an account registered directly with Zynga, your profile information is protected by the password you use to access your Zynga account. It is important that you protect and maintain your Zynga account’s security and that you immediately tell us of any unauthorized use of your account. If you forget the password to your Zynga account, the Services allow you to request that instructions be sent to you that explain how to reset your password. If you access our Services through a social network and your social network account is hacked or otherwise compromised, this may lead to someone accessing or deleting your Zynga game accounts without your permission. So, be careful to keep your social network account information, including your social network account password, secure as well. We urge you to log out of your Zynga account and any social network account you have used to access our Services when you are finished using them.When you sign into your Zynga account or enter payment information, we and our third-party payment processor use encryption to transmit that information.While we take precautions against possible security breaches of our Services and our customer databases and records, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. We cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur, and we cannot guarantee the security of your information while it is being transmitted to our Service. Any transmission is at your own risk. If you have questions about the security of our websites, pleaseContact Us. (For inquiries/requests regarding Empires & Puzzles, please contact us viahttps://support.smallgiantgames.com/. For inquiries/requests regarding Puzzle Combat contact us viahttps://smallgiantgames.helpshift.com/a/puzzle-combat/).  12. Changes to Our Privacy Policy  We’ll let you know about any material changes to the Privacy Policy.  We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of the policy. If we make changes that we deem material, we will use reasonable efforts to notify (such as by placing a notice in game or onwww.zynga.com, or by sending you a notice to the email address we have on file for you).  We encourage you to periodically checkwww.zynga.comand this Privacy Policy for updates.  13. Contact Us  You can contact us with your questions, comments, or concerns.  If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or privacy practices, please send an e-mail toprivacy@zynga.com. For all other matters, please contact Zynga through ourCustomer Support Pageor by physical mail to Zynga Inc., 699 8th Street, San Francisco, CA 94103.  (For inquiries/requests regarding Empires & Puzzles, please contact us viahttps://support.smallgiantgames.com/. For inquiries/requests regarding Puzzle Combat contact us viahttps://smallgiantgames.helpshift.com/a/puzzle-combat/.)If you are located in the European Countries, you can contact Zynga’s EU representative, Zynga Game Ireland Limited at WeWork – 2 Dublin Landings, N Wall Quay North Dock, Dublin D01 V4A3, Ireland.If you are located in the United Kingdom (UK), you can contact Zynga’s UK representative, NaturalMotion Games Limited at 6 Agar Street, 1st Floor, London Wc2n 4HN, United Kingdom.If you are a resident of the Republic of Turkey, you can contact Zynga’s Turkish data controller representative, Zynga Turkey Oyun Anonim Sirketi, at Acıbadem Mahallesi Çeçen Sokak Akasya Evleri Sit. A (Kule) Blok Apt. No: 25A / 5, PK: 34660 Üsküdar, İstanbul, Turkey.     If you are located in the UK or European Countries (defined above inSection 1), you have the following data protection rights:  You canaccessor requestdeletionof your personal information by submitting a request through ourPersonal Data Request Portal.You cancorrectorupdateyour personal information,object to processingof your personal information, ask us torestrict processingof your personal information or requestportabilityof your personal information.You canopt-out of marketing communicationswe send you by following the instructions in “Opting Out of Promotional Communications from Zynga” below.If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you canwithdraw your consentat any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.You have theright to complain to a data protection authorityabout our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority (Contact details are availablehere.)  To exercise your rights to access or deletion, please submit a request through ourPersonal Data Request Portal. (For inquiries/requests regarding Empires & Puzzles, please contact us viahttps://support.smallgiantgames.com/. For inquiries/requests regarding Puzzle Combat contact us viahttps://smallgiantgames.helpshift.com/a/puzzle-combat/). If you have any problems with the Portal or would like to exercise any of your other rights, you canContact Us. We respond to all data protection requests we receive in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  If you are located in the Republic of Turkey, you have the rights listed under Article 11 of the 6698 No. Law on Protection of Personal Data.  Contact Us for your queries and requests. 