Title: Fitbit Legal Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.fitbit.com/us/legal/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: legal, account, fitbit, services, provide, number, data, access, information, privacy, card, policy, device

Reduced Policy:     We give youaccount settingsand tools to access and control your personal data, as described below, regardless of where you live. If you live in certain jurisdictions, you may have legal rights with respect to your information, which youraccount settingsand tools allow you to exercise, as outlined below.    Accessing and Exporting Data.By logging into your account, you can access much of your personal information, including your dashboard with your daily exercise and activity statistics. Using youraccount settings, you can also download information in a commonly used file format, including data about your activities, body, foods, and sleep. Learn morehere.    Editing and Deleting Data.By logging into your account and using youraccount settings, you can change and delete your personal information. For instance, you can edit or delete the profile data you provide and delete your account if you wish. Learn morehere.    If you choose to delete your account, please note that while most of your information will be deleted within 30 days, it may take up to 90 days to delete all of your information, like the data recorded by your Fitbit device and other data stored in our backup systems. This is due to the size and complexity of the systems we use to store data. We may also preserve data for legal reasons or to prevent harm, including as described in theHow Information Is Sharedsection.    Objecting to Data Use.We give youaccount settingsand tools to control our data use. For example, through yourprivacy settings,you can limit how your information is visible to other users of the Services; using yournotification settings,you can limit the notifications you receive from us; and under yourapplication settings,you can revoke the access of third-party applications that you previously connected to your Fitbit account. You can also use the Fitbit application to unpair your device from your account at any time. 