Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.squeezyapp.com/privacypolicy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: registration, policy, protection, website, data, personal, updated, services, site, privacy
Policy: 
The Squeezy website and directory is owned and operated by Living With Ltd, a company registered in England Wales under company number 10818605 of 10 Queen Street Place, London, United Kingdom, EC4R 1AG (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this Privacy Policy).

We are a data controller and responsible for your personal data. If you register with us to access any of our services, then we may also act as a data processor in connection with the delivery of our services to you.

Our data protection lead can be contacted at help@livingwith.health. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact our data protection lead.

We are registered with the Information Commissioners Office (‘ICO’) under registration number ZA347108 and you can view more information about our registration online here.

We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This Privacy Policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data and sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Your visit to our website or our mobile application (collectively referred to as our “Site”) is subject to the terms set out in this Privacy Policy. The policy also applies when you correspond with us in person, by letter, by phone, email or any other means. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.

This policy is updated from time to time. The latest version updated on [18 March 2019] is published on this page of the Site. All updated versions of the policy will be published on this page of the Site. This policy has been updated to reflect the changes introduced by the Data Protection Act 2018 (“DPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).

In this Privacy Policy we seek to abide by the letter and spirit of the guidelines laid out by the ICO on their webpage on the ‘Right to be Informed’.


