Title: Sovrn Publisher Monetization Solutions
URL: https://www.sovrn.com/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: purposes, advertising, data, monetization, solutions, sovrn, categories, publisher, listed, personal, information, privacy, services

Reduced Policy:   If located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom, or Switzerland (the “European Countries”), individuals have certain rights and protections under applicable law regarding the processing of Personal Information.  Role of Sovrn as a Controller or ProcessorIf located in one of the European Countries, Sovrn may act as a “controller” as defined under applicable law when processing Personal Information. Sovrn may also act as a “processor” as defined under applicable law to the extent that we process Personal Information on behalf of and at the instruction of another party, for example a Sovrn client.  Legal Basis for ProcessingSovrn’s legal basis for processing Personal Information depends upon the specific context in which we collect or use it. We rely on data subject (as defined under applicable law) consent to process Personal Information for Interest-Based Advertising, which we require Publishers using Sovrn Services to obtain for us. In some cases, we may rely on our legitimate interests to collect and use Personal Information, except where our interests are overridden by data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we will process Personal Information collected from Interest-Based Advertising in order to improve the Sovrn Services for our Publishers.  Our legitimate interests are described in greater detail in the “How We Use Information” section of this Privacy Policy. These legitimate interests include the operation of our business and the provision of Sovrn Services to our Publishers as required by our agreements with them. Additionally, we may have a legal obligation to process Personal Information (such as for fraud prevention).  Exercising Data Subject RightsIndividuals may be entitled to exercise certain data subject rights available under applicable laws.  These rights may include the right to request access to Personal Information we hold.  Individuals may also have the right to object to, or request that werestrict, processing of Personal Information, such as profiling we perform for the purposes of direct marketing and interest-based advertising.  Individuals may also have the right to ask that your Personal Information becorrected,erased, ortransferredto another party. Where we have asked for consent to process data, consent may be withdrawn.  Anyone afforded any of these rights may exercise them by visiting ourprivacy center, or by contactingprivacy@sovrn.com.  These rights may be limited in some situations–for example, where we can demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process data. In some instances, this may mean that we are able to retain data even if consent is withdrawn.  In other instances, we may provide the requested information with some portions redacted in order to adhere to obligations of confidentiality to others.  Where we require Personal Information to comply with legal or contractual obligations, provision of Personal Information is mandatory; in all other cases, provision of requested Personal Information is optional.  Data Transfers  Sovrn is a global company headquartered in Boulder, Colorado, with data centers located in the United States and Europe.  By visiting Publisher’s sites who are using Sovrn Services, Personal Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us, our affiliates, and by those third parties with whom we may share your information, some of which are located outside of the European Countries.  These countries (including the United States) may have data protection or other laws that differ from those in European Countries. We ensure that where Sovrn or third-party service providers receive Personal Information outside of the EEA, appropriate safeguards are in place under European data protection legislation.  Sovrn may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.  IAB Europe Transparency and Consent FrameworkSovrn is  registered as a vendor with, and supports and encourages our clients to use, theIAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework(the “IAB Industry Framework”) to provide data subjects with dynamic transparency into and choice about the various vendors our clients use to serve you ads, including Sovrn Services. When visiting a website, the IAB Industry Framework is designed to allow a Publisher the means to choose which registered vendors they wish to allow to access a device and process Personal Information, and provide dynamic transparency and choice about each of these vendors (either an opportunity for an individual to consent to the vendor or opt out of data processing by the vendor, depending on that vendor’s legal basis and processing activities).  Questions or ComplaintsIndividuals located in one of the European Countries who have questions or concerns about how we process Personal Information may contact our Data Protection Officer atdpo@sovrn.com. If we are not able to resolve the issue, individuals have the right to lodge a complaint with their local data privacy authority. For contact details of local Data Protection Authorities, please visit theEuropean Data Protection Board member list.  Information for California Consumers: Privacy Rights  This section contains disclosures for Readers required by the California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA” (California Civil Code Section 1798.100 et seq.). This section applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of “personal information” collected from California “consumers” (as those terms are defined by the CCPA) that are subject to the CCPA.  (Publisher personal information is not “sold” under the CCPA and is otherwise exempt from the CCPA at this time.)  Personal Information We Collect, Disclose for a Business Purpose, and SellAs described in this Privacy Policy, Sovrn collects, discloses and sells consumer personal information for our commercial and business purposes (as defined by the CCPA).  The following outlines each practice in more detail by providing the categories of personal information collected, disclosed, or sold in the previous 12 months.  To request information on specific pieces of personal information we may hold about a California consumer, please follow the instructions provided in theExercising California Consumer Rightssection below.  Personal Information we collect about consumers, and from Publishers, service providers, affiliates not under the Sovrn brand, or consumer data resellers:  Online identifiersCommercial information* (such as records of personal property or products or services purchased, obtained or considered)Internet or other electronic network activity (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)Geolocation informationProfessional or employment-related information  Personal information we disclose for business purposes in performing Sovrn Services:  Online identifiersCommercial information* (such as records of personal property or products or services purchased, obtained or considered)Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)Geolocation informationProfessional or employment-related informationWe disclose each category of personal information identified above to the following categories of recipients: service providers; affiliates not under the Sovrn brand; and advertising networks and other partners (such as Demand Side Platforms (DSPs) who buy ad space from Publishers).  Personal Information we sell to third parties:  Online identifiersCharacteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (such as demographic information like age, gender, and race)Commercial information* (such as records of personal property or products or services purchased, obtained or considered)Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)Geolocation informationProfessional or employment-related informationInferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferencesWe sell each category of personal information identified above to the following categories of recipients: advertising/marketing companies; advertising networks; marketing data companies; data analytics providers; social networks; consumer data resellers; and publishing product companies.California consumers mayopt-out of the saleof their personal information at any time.  Please see “Exercising California Consumer Rights” below for more information.  *//Commerce services only  We use and disclose the personal information we collect for our commercial and business purposes (as defined by the CCPA), as further described in this Privacy Policy. These commercial and business purposes include, without limitation:  Providing Interest-based Advertising for and to Consumers; providing our Services to our Publishers as described in this Policy; and marketing our Services.Auditing related to our interactions with Publishers;Legal compliance;Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity;Debugging;Performing services (either by us or our service providers, as that term is defined by the CCPA) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics;Internal research for technological improvement;Internal operations;Activities to maintain and improve our services; andOther one-time uses.  Sovrn does not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.    Exercising California Consumer Rights  California consumers have certain rights with respect to the personal information collected by businesses. California consumers may exercise the following rights regarding personal information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:  The right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, the categories of sources from which we collected personal information, our purposes for collecting or selling personal information, the categories of personal information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared personal information;The right to request that we delete the personal information that we have collected or maintain;The right to opt out of our sale(s) of personal information. Please note that, when opting out of certain types of sales, we will be unable to provide the services that rely on such sales.The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.  To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us by using ouronline form, contactingprivacy@sovrn.com, or calling 1(888)799-5199 and providing the requested information.  Verification Process and Required Information  We may require additional information to verify a consumer’s identity or understand the scope of the request, depending on how we are contacted.  We will only ask for information needed to verify a consumer’s identity, such as a different email address, mobile identifier, or cookie ID.  When submitting ouronline form, consumers have the opportunity to include multiple email addresses–each email address will require a separate response from the requestor in order to be included in the requested action.  Authorized AgentConsumers may designate an authorized agent to exercise California data rights under the CCPA on your behalf by (i) verifying the consumer’s identity and (ii) providing evidence of the consumer’s written permission authorizing an agent to make a request on their behalf.   This section contains disclosures for Readers required by the California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA” (California Civil Code Section 1798.100 et seq.). This section applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of “personal information” collected from California “consumers” (as those terms are defined by the CCPA) that are subject to the CCPA.  (Publisher personal information is not “sold” under the CCPA and is otherwise exempt from the CCPA at this time.)  Personal Information We Collect, Disclose for a Business Purpose, and SellAs described in this Privacy Policy, Sovrn collects, discloses and sells consumer personal information for our commercial and business purposes (as defined by the CCPA).  The following outlines each practice in more detail by providing the categories of personal information collected, disclosed, or sold in the previous 12 months.  To request information on specific pieces of personal information we may hold about a California consumer, please follow the instructions provided in theExercising California Consumer Rightssection below.  Personal Information we collect about consumers, and from Publishers, service providers, affiliates not under the Sovrn brand, or consumer data resellers:  Online identifiersCommercial information* (such as records of personal property or products or services purchased, obtained or considered)Internet or other electronic network activity (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)Geolocation informationProfessional or employment-related information  Personal information we disclose for business purposes in performing Sovrn Services:  Online identifiersCommercial information* (such as records of personal property or products or services purchased, obtained or considered)Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)Geolocation informationProfessional or employment-related informationWe disclose each category of personal information identified above to the following categories of recipients: service providers; affiliates not under the Sovrn brand; and advertising networks and other partners (such as Demand Side Platforms (DSPs) who buy ad space from Publishers).  Personal Information we sell to third parties:  Online identifiersCharacteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (such as demographic information like age, gender, and race)Commercial information* (such as records of personal property or products or services purchased, obtained or considered)Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)Geolocation informationProfessional or employment-related informationInferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferencesWe sell each category of personal information identified above to the following categories of recipients: advertising/marketing companies; advertising networks; marketing data companies; data analytics providers; social networks; consumer data resellers; and publishing product companies.California consumers mayopt-out of the saleof their personal information at any time.  Please see “Exercising California Consumer Rights” below for more information.  *//Commerce services only  We use and disclose the personal information we collect for our commercial and business purposes (as defined by the CCPA), as further described in this Privacy Policy. These commercial and business purposes include, without limitation:  Providing Interest-based Advertising for and to Consumers; providing our Services to our Publishers as described in this Policy; and marketing our Services.Auditing related to our interactions with Publishers;Legal compliance;Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity;Debugging;Performing services (either by us or our service providers, as that term is defined by the CCPA) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics;Internal research for technological improvement;Internal operations;Activities to maintain and improve our services; andOther one-time uses.  Sovrn does not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.    Exercising California Consumer Rights  California consumers have certain rights with respect to the personal information collected by businesses. California consumers may exercise the following rights regarding personal information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:  The right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, the categories of sources from which we collected personal information, our purposes for collecting or selling personal information, the categories of personal information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared personal information;The right to request that we delete the personal information that we have collected or maintain;The right to opt out of our sale(s) of personal information. Please note that, when opting out of certain types of sales, we will be unable to provide the services that rely on such sales.The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.  To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us by using ouronline form, contactingprivacy@sovrn.com, or calling 1(888)799-5199 and providing the requested information.  Verification Process and Required Information  We may require additional information to verify a consumer’s identity or understand the scope of the request, depending on how we are contacted.  We will only ask for information needed to verify a consumer’s identity, such as a different email address, mobile identifier, or cookie ID.  When submitting ouronline form, consumers have the opportunity to include multiple email addresses–each email address will require a separate response from the requestor in order to be included in the requested action.  Authorized AgentConsumers may designate an authorized agent to exercise California data rights under the CCPA on your behalf by (i) verifying the consumer’s identity and (ii) providing evidence of the consumer’s written permission authorizing an agent to make a request on their behalf.   California consumers have certain rights with respect to the personal information collected by businesses. California consumers may exercise the following rights regarding personal information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:  The right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, the categories of sources from which we collected personal information, our purposes for collecting or selling personal information, the categories of personal information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared personal information;The right to request that we delete the personal information that we have collected or maintain;The right to opt out of our sale(s) of personal information. Please note that, when opting out of certain types of sales, we will be unable to provide the services that rely on such sales.The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.  To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us by using ouronline form, contactingprivacy@sovrn.com, or calling 1(888)799-5199 and providing the requested information.  Verification Process and Required Information  We may require additional information to verify a consumer’s identity or understand the scope of the request, depending on how we are contacted.  We will only ask for information needed to verify a consumer’s identity, such as a different email address, mobile identifier, or cookie ID.  When submitting ouronline form, consumers have the opportunity to include multiple email addresses–each email address will require a separate response from the requestor in order to be included in the requested action.  Authorized AgentConsumers may designate an authorized agent to exercise California data rights under the CCPA on your behalf by (i) verifying the consumer’s identity and (ii) providing evidence of the consumer’s written permission authorizing an agent to make a request on their behalf. 