Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.buzzfeed.com/about/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: personal, address, collect, privacy, identifies, data, services, email, policy, information, cookies

Reduced Policy:   If you are an EU or UK resident, you have certain rights in respect of the information that we hold about you. Below is a short overview of those rights:  Access. With some exceptions designed to protect the rights of others, you have the right to a copy of the personal data that we hold about you. Where the data is data that you have given to us, you have the right to receive your copy of it in a common electronic format, and to provide copies of it to other people if you wish.Correction. You have the right to have the personal data we hold about you corrected if it is factually inaccurate. This right does not extend to matters of opinion, such as views expressed in editorial content.Deletion. In some limited circumstances, you have the right to have personal data that we hold about you erased (the “right to be forgotten”). This right is not generally available where we still have a valid legal reason to keep the data (for example, because we are obliged to do so by law).Objection. You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data where we rely on “legitimate interests” as our legal basis for processing, but we may be able to continue processing if our interest outweighs your objection.Withdrawing consent. If we are processing your personal data on the basis of your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, in which case we will stop that processing unless we have another legal basis on which to continue.  14.3 How to exercise your rights  To exercise your rights, emaildata-privacy@buzzfeed.com. In order to protect your privacy and that of others, we will ask you to prove your identity before we take any steps in response to a request you have made. If a third party is making a request on your behalf, we will ask them to prove that they have your permission to act for you.  We may contact you to ask you for further information to help you exercise your legal rights or to speed up our response. We will try to respond to requests within one month and we will let you know if we need to take longer, for example because your request is complicated. We may have an overriding lawful basis for processing your personal data, or certain exemptions may apply. If we refuse your request, we will explain why.  14.4 Complaints  You have the right to complain about data privacy matters to the Information Commissioner’s Office (www.ico.org.uk), or the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence. You can contact the ICO on 0303 123 1113. We invite you to raise your concerns with us first, so that we can try to resolve them.   To exercise your rights, emaildata-privacy@buzzfeed.com. In order to protect your privacy and that of others, we will ask you to prove your identity before we take any steps in response to a request you have made. If a third party is making a request on your behalf, we will ask them to prove that they have your permission to act for you.  We may contact you to ask you for further information to help you exercise your legal rights or to speed up our response. We will try to respond to requests within one month and we will let you know if we need to take longer, for example because your request is complicated. We may have an overriding lawful basis for processing your personal data, or certain exemptions may apply. If we refuse your request, we will explain why.  14.4 Complaints  You have the right to complain about data privacy matters to the Information Commissioner’s Office (www.ico.org.uk), or the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence. You can contact the ICO on 0303 123 1113. We invite you to raise your concerns with us first, so that we can try to resolve them.   This section provides you with our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal data in the 12 months prior to our last update to this Policy (see the date at the top). It also explains your rights regarding your personal data that we collect (as set forth in the California Consumer Privacy Protection Act or the “CCPA”).  Categories of Information We Collect:  Your contact details(e.g. your name, address, email address, telephone number and username).Payment information(e.g. bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information).Demographic information(e.g. race, ethnic origin, religion, or sexual orientation).Purchase history & preferences(e.g. records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies).Internet activity information(e.g., browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement, or questions and other messages you address to us directly through online forms or by email).Inferences(e.g. inferences about your about personal preferences and attributes drawn from profiling).Online identifiers(e.g. IP address, ADID/IDFA, cookie IDs, internal identification numbers).Location data(e.g. your city, state or country information).Application information(for job applicants) (e.g. your passport number, driver’s license or other state identification card number, education, and employment information)  Categories of Sources:  YouYour deviceData partners.  Purpose of Collection  To communicate with you, including to process your requests for products/services and/or information.To register your Account.To improve our Service, including to better understand our customer base, meet our diversity and inclusion goals; and to help our business partners do the same.To enforce our User Agreement, and for the administration and protection of our business.To comply with applicable law, regulations, and legal and regulatory processes.  If you opt-in to do so, we may use your name and email address for our marketing purposes and to help our business partners with their marketing.  Disclosure or Sale of Personal InformationCategories of Information Disclosed or Sold:Categories of Vendors or Other Entities We Share Information With:Your contact detailsOur email service vendors, sweepstakes/promotions partners, social network partners, other vendors who assist in providing services on our behalf, and our business partners.Payment informationOur payment processing vendors.Demographic informationOur research and survey vendors, and our advertisers and other business partners.Purchase history & preferencesOur affiliate partners, and other vendors who assist in providing services on our behalf.Internet activity information, inferences and online identifiersAdvertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics vendors, operating systems and platforms, and social networks.Location dataInternet service providers, data analytics vendors, operating systems, and platforms.  We may share your personal data with government entities when required to do by law.  If you are a California resident, you have the right to know what personal data we collect, disclose, and “sell” about you (as that term is used in the CCPA). Additionally, you have the right to access, delete and opt out from the “sale” of your personal data. Specifically, California residents may request that we:  Inform you about the categories of personal data we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such data; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal data; and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal data. Such information is also set forth above in this Privacy Policy.Provide you access to and/or a copy of the specific pieces of personal data we collected about you (also called a data portability request)Delete certain personal data we have about you.  The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your rights.  Note for non-California residents:We will seek to honor requests to exercise the above rights made by non-California residents to the extent required by applicable law.  Please note that certain data may be exempt from such access, data portability, and deletion requests under California law. For example, we need to retain certain data in order to provide the Services to you.  Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal data. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.  You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or deletion twice within a 12-month period.  If you have a registered account with us, you can submit your access or deletion request by signing into your account.  You can find instructions on how to proceed at ourconsent preferences center  If you do not have a registered account, please visit ourconsent preferences centeror contact us atdata-privacy@buzzfeed.com, and we will provide you with instructions on how to submit your request.  Please note that the verifiable consumer request must:  Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal data or an authorized representative.Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.  We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal data if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal data relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an Account with us. We will only use personal data provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.  15.2 California Notice of Right to Opt-Out of “Sale”  California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal data. California law broadly defines “sale” in a way that may include allowing third parties to receive certain data, such as cookies, IP address, and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising on our Services or other sites and apps. Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables us to provide you certain content for free and allows us to provide you content relevant to you.  Depending on what Services you use, we may sell (as defined by California law) the following categories of data for such advertising purposes:  Online Identifiers and internet activity informationContact detailsPurchase history & preferencesDemographic informationInferences about personal preferences and attributes drawn from profiling  If you would like to opt out of our use of your personal data for such purposes, you may do as outlined on the following page:“Do Not Sell My Personal Information”or by contacting us atdata-privacy@buzzfeed.com. This will cause data to cease to be added to any cookies or other tracking technologies that have been set on our Services or block them entirely. Please note that you will need to opt out again if you visit one of our Services from a different device or browser or if you clear your cookies. Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal data of minors under 16 years of age without legally-required affirmative authorization.  15.3 California Shine the Light Disclosure  Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83- 1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask for a notice identifying the categories of personal customer data which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: 111 E. 18th Street, New York, NY 10003, Attn: Office of the General Counsel.   California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal data. California law broadly defines “sale” in a way that may include allowing third parties to receive certain data, such as cookies, IP address, and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising on our Services or other sites and apps. Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables us to provide you certain content for free and allows us to provide you content relevant to you.  Depending on what Services you use, we may sell (as defined by California law) the following categories of data for such advertising purposes:  Online Identifiers and internet activity informationContact detailsPurchase history & preferencesDemographic informationInferences about personal preferences and attributes drawn from profiling  If you would like to opt out of our use of your personal data for such purposes, you may do as outlined on the following page:“Do Not Sell My Personal Information”or by contacting us atdata-privacy@buzzfeed.com. This will cause data to cease to be added to any cookies or other tracking technologies that have been set on our Services or block them entirely. Please note that you will need to opt out again if you visit one of our Services from a different device or browser or if you clear your cookies. Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal data of minors under 16 years of age without legally-required affirmative authorization.  15.3 California Shine the Light Disclosure  Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83- 1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask for a notice identifying the categories of personal customer data which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: 111 E. 18th Street, New York, NY 10003, Attn: Office of the General Counsel. 