Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.grammarly.com/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, data, personal, services, provide, site, account, privacy, information, software, grammarly
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:  Individuals located in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, and the UK have certain rights in respect to their personal information, including the right to access, correct, or delete Personal Data we process through your use of the Site, Software, and/or Services. If you’re a user based in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, you can: Request a Personal Data report by submitting a support ticket throughthis link. This report will include the Personal Data we have about you, provided to you in a structured, commonly used, and portable format. You must be signed into your Grammarly account to submit this request. Please note that Grammarly may request additional information from you to verify your identity before we disclose any information.Have your Personal Data corrected or deleted. Some Personal Data can be updated by you: You can update your name and email address, as well as language preference, through your Grammarly account settings. If you registered for Grammarly using Google or Facebook, or if you otherwise have problems updating this information, pleasesubmit a support ticket. You can remove your Personal Data from Grammarly bydeleting your account.Object to us processing your Personal Data. You can ask us to stop using your Personal Data, including when we use your Personal Data to send you marketing emails. We only send marketing communications to users located in the EEA with your prior consent, and you may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link found within Grammarly emails and changing your contact preferences. Please note you will continue to receive transactional messages related to our Services, even if you unsubscribe from marketing emails.Complain to a regulator. If you’re based in the EEA and think that we haven’t complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority. If you have other questions or do not have a Grammarly account, contact us bysubmitting a support ticket. Who is Grammarly's EEA Representative? VeraSafe has been appointed as Grammarly’s representative in the EEA for data protection matters, pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union. VeraSafe can be contacted in matters related to the processing of Personal Data. To make such an inquiry, please contact VeraSafe using this contact form:https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contact-article-27-representative. Alternatively, VeraSafe can be contacted at:VeraSafe Ireland LtdUnit 3D North Point HouseNorth Point Business ParkNew Mallow RoadCork T23AT2PIreland Data transfers As stated in the “Where is my Information stored?” section above, information submitted to Grammarly will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States. When you use the Software on your computing device, User Content you save will be stored locally on that device and synced with our servers. If you post or transfer any Information to or through our Site, Software, and/or Services, you are agreeing to such Information, including Personal Data and User Content, being hosted and accessed in the United States. Please note that the privacy laws of the United States may be different from those in the place where you are a resident. Where required, we will use appropriate safeguards for transferring data outside of Europe, Switzerland, and the UK. This includes signing Standard Contractual Clauses that govern the transfers of such data, which may be used in conjunction with additional safeguards. For more information about these transfer mechanisms, please contact us as detailed in the “Contact us” section below. If you’re a California resident, you may have certain rights. California law may permit you to request that we: Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you.Provide you a summary of the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information.Delete certain information we have about you. You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you (if any). You also have the right not to be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need certain types of information so that we can provide the Site, Software, and Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use the Site, Software, and Services. To exercise these rights, you can: Request a personal data report by submitting a support ticket throughthis link. You must be signed into your Grammarly account to submit this request, and you will be required to log into your account to access the summary or the report.Request the summary described above bysubmitting a support ticketor emailingsupport@grammarly.com.Delete your personal information from Grammarly bydeleting your account. You must be signed into your Grammarly account to submit this request, and you will be required to provide your password to confirm that you want to delete your account.You can also submit requests bysubmitting a support ticketor emailingsupport@grammarly.com. You’ll need to provide us with information sufficient to verify your identity before we can satisfy your request. To do so, you’ll need to log into your account or provide us with certain information regarding yourself and/or your usage of the Site, Software, and Services. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. To do so, you need to provide us with written authorization for the agent to act on your behalf. You will still need to verify your identity directly with us. The CCPA sets forth certain obligations for businesses that “sell” personal information. Based on the definition of “sell” under the CCPA and under current regulatory guidance, we don’t believe we engage in such activity and have not engaged in such activity in the past twelve months. We do share certain information as described in the “Information access and disclosure” section above, and we allow third parties to collect certain information about your activity, for example through cookies, as explained in ourCookie Policy. You can control these cookies through browser settings and other controls; for more information, see ourCookie Policy. California Shine the Light If you’re a California resident, you can ask for a list of third parties (if any) that have received your information for their direct marketing purposes during the previous calendar year. This list also contains the types of information shared. We provide this list at no cost. To make such a request, contact us atsupport@grammarly.com. Updated: September 18, 2020