Title: Dennis Publishing
URL: https://www.dennis.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: right, request, details, data, publishing, personal, services, provide, cookies, privacy, information, dennis
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   Under theGDPRincluding any implementing data protection  legislation in the UK you have the rights shown below:-  Your right to be informedYour right of accessYour right to rectificationYour right to erasureYour right to restrict processingYour right to data portabilityYour right to objectYour rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.    Right of Access  You may, at any time, request access to the personal data that we hold which relates to you (you may have heard of this right being described as a“subject access request”).  Please note that this right entitles you to receive a copy of the personal data that we hold about you in order to enable you to check that it is correct and to ensure that we are processing that personal data lawfully. It is not a right that allows you to request personal data about other people, or a right to request specific documents from us that do not relate to your personal data.  You can exercise this right at any time by writing to us using thecontact details set out hereand telling us that you are making a subject access request. You do not have to fill in a specific form to make this kind of request.  Your Right to Rectification and Erasure  You may, at any time, request that we correct personal data that we hold about you which you believe is incorrect or inaccurate. You may also ask us to erase personal data if you do not believe that we need to continue retaining it (you may have heard of this right described as the “right to be forgotten”).  Please note that we may ask you to verify any new data that you provide to us and may take our own steps to check that the new data you have supplied us with is right. Further, we are not always obliged to erase personal data when asked to do so; if for any reason we believe that we have a good legal reason to continue processing personal data that you ask us to erase we will tell you what that reason is at the time we respond to your request.  You can exercise this right at any time by writing to us using thecontact details set out hereand telling us that you are making a request to have your personal data rectified or erased and on what basis you are making that request. If you want us to replace inaccurate data with new data, you should tell us what that new data is. You do not have to fill in a specific form to make this kind of request.  Your Right to Restrict Processing  Where we process your personal data on the basis of a legitimate interest (see theHow we use your datasection of this Policy which explains why we use your personal data) you are entitled to ask us to stop processing it in that way if you feel that our continuing to do so impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms or if you feel that those legitimate interests are not valid.  You may also ask us to stop processing your personal data (a) if you dispute the accuracy of that personal data and want us to verify that data’s accuracy; (b) where it has been established that our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where we no longer need to process your personal data (and would otherwise dispose of it) but you wish for us to continue storing it in order to enable you to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.  Please note that if for any reason we believe that we have a good legal reason to continue processing personal data that you ask us to stop processing, we will tell you what that reason is, either at the time we first respond to your request or after we have had the opportunity to consider and investigate it.  You can exercise this right at any time by writing to us using the contact details set outhereand telling us that you are making a request to have us stop processing the relevant aspect of your personal data and describing which of the above conditions you believe is relevant to that request. You do not have to fill in a specific form to make this kind of request.  Your Right to Portability  Where you wish to transfer certain personal data that we hold about you, which is processed by automated means, to a third party you may write to us and ask us to provide it to you in a commonly used machine-readable format.  Because of the kind of work that we do and the systems that we use, we do not envisage this right being particularly relevant to the majority of individuals with whom we interact. However, if you wish to transfer your data from us to a third party we are happy to consider such requests.  Your Right to stop receiving communications  For details on your rights to ask us to stop sending you various kinds of communications,please contact us.  Your Right to object to automated decision making and profiling  You have the right to be informed about the existence of any automated decision making and profiling of your personal data, and where appropriate, be provided with meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing that affects you.  Exercising your rights  If you wish to exercise any of these rights  or simply wish to find out what information, if any, we hold that relates to you, you must make your request in writing by sending an email toprivacy@dennis.co.ukor a letter to The Privacy Team, Dennis Publishing (UK) Ltd, 31-32 Alfred Place, London, WC1E 7DP.  You can help us to process your request quickly by providing us with information that will help us identify records we hold that relate to you. For example your name, address, email address, telephone number, subscriber id or in the case of information captured via cookies, the IP address of the device you have used.   