Title: Privacy
URL: https://www.gartner.com/en/about/policies/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: gartner, notes, information, data, personal, services, legitimate, interests, research, content, privacy
Policy: 
Where we collect and use information for our legitimate interests as mentioned above, a legitimate interest will only apply when we consider that your interests or rights requiring protection of your personal information do not override our legitimate interests. For more information regarding our legitimate interests as applied to your personal information, please contact us.

Our websites and online services are for individuals who are at least 18 years old. Our online services are not designed to be used by individuals under the age of 18.

In certain circumstances, if you do not provide personal information which is required (for example, in relation to activating your Gartner license), we will not be able to perform our contractual obligations or provide you with products and services. When this is the case, we will make it clear.

Recorded Communications with Gartner

We may ask to record calls for training, quality and research purposes. All recordings will be treated as confidential. If you do not want us to record your call, you will be given a chance to opt out. If your call is already in progress, you may ask us to turn off the recording at the start of the call.

Communication with Colleagues

You may use the send-to-colleague functionality on some of our sites or apps to send your colleagues information from Gartner or its subsidiaries. In order to fulfil this request, we will ask you for your and your colleagues' names and email addresses. We do not retain this data after the email is sent. Please be aware that your name and email address may be included in the communication sent to your colleague.

Payment Card Information

Where you choose to pay for any Gartner products or services using your payment card, we will collect your personal data connected to your payment card. We use this personal data in order to process your payment and to prevent fraudulent transactions. We do this on the basis of your consent to process this information.

My Favorites

The My Favorites feature of the member websites allows clients to save content available to the member’s Favorites list, add labels, tags, and notes to saved content, and share content and notes with and receive content and notes from other clients. We may review information about your use of My Favorites, including the content you save, folders you create, any tags, labels, or notes you add to your saved content or folders you have created, and any content that you share, and use such information to recommend content, tools, or other Gartner services we think may be of interest to you. Information about your use of My Favorites will only be accessible to Gartner and will not be visible to or otherwise shared with other Gartner clients unless you choose to share it.

Restricted Areas

If you access the Restricted Areas of any of our sites (via browser or a Gartner app), we may collect information about your access to and use of research materials, decision-support tools, and other online and offline resources we offer.

General Benchmarking and Research Purposes

Gartner and its affiliates may use information disclosed through surveys or diagnostics or otherwise provided to or generated by Gartner or its Affiliates (collectively “Research Data”) for validation, research and benchmarking purposes and product development. Unless otherwise specified prior to collection, Research Data will be disclosed in the aggregate and presented in anonymous form and will not include (directly or by inference) any information identifying participating organizations or any identifiable individual as the source of such data. Access to Research Data will be restricted to those individuals who need such access to deliver Gartner products and/or services.


