Title: Office Depot's Privacy Statement
URL: http://officedepot.com/a/customerservice/privacy/?cm_sp=footerlink-_-privacy-_-privacypolicy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: example, collect, privacy, social, office, depots, depot, statement, websites, share, information, mobile

Policy: Office Depot's Privacy Statement - Your Privacy Rights

This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect from you

Office Depot takes your privacy seriously, and we want you to know how we collect, use, share, and protect your information. "Office Depot" means any entity that carries the Office Depot, OfficeMax, or Workonomy brands in the United States and its territories, and any of our affiliates. CompuCom is a part of Office Depot and its privacy policy is available here.

This statement describes our privacy practices for the websites where it is posted. This includes officedepot.com, mobile websites, text programs, and mobile applications (“digital properties”). It also applies to information we collect in our stores or other places offline.

For information concerning privacy rights of California residents, please click here

We collect various information about you

We collect and store information you provide through our digital properties and in our stores. The information we may collect includes:

Your name

Email address

Address

Phone number

Credit card number

Your Office Depot Rewards ID

In certain situations, we may also collect:

Driver’s license number (for example, if you return a product or apply for credit)

Your Social Security Number and date of birth (if you apply for credit)

Location information (such as when you ask us to tell you about nearby stores)

Age (if you sign up for an Office Depot account or birthday list)

IMEI/UDID (a numeric identifier for your mobile device)

IP and MAC addresses (another kind of numeric identifier for your computer or mobile device)

Your responses to surveys

How often you use the app and where you downloaded it.

We collect information from you in several ways

We collect information directly from you. For example, if you register for a promotion or apply for a job. We might collect information if you post a comment on one of our websites or request information. We also collect information when you apply for our credit card or buy something.

For example, if you register for a promotion or apply for a job. We might collect information if you post a comment on one of our websites or request information. We also collect information when you apply for our credit card or buy something. We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. To learn more about these tools and how you can control them, click here

We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. To learn more about these tools and how you can control them, We get information about you from third parties. For example, social media platforms may give us information about you. We may combine the information we collect from you with the information we get from third parties.

Location information. Some of our digital properties may collect your location to help you search for our stores or to use special mobile features within some of our stores. We also may use this information to determine whether to provide you with content, information, and notices based on your location. For a mobile application to identify your location, you must enable location services through your mobile device's settings. If you do not want Office Depot to collect this information or to enable these features, you can turn off location services on your mobile device. Office Depot has no control over your device's settings.

Store cameras. Our stores may use cameras for asset protection and other operational purposes, such as measuring traffic patterns and protecting and improving our business.

We use information as disclosed and described here

To respond to your requests or questions. For example, we might use your information to register you for promotions.

To improve our products and services. We might use your information to customize your experience with us.

We might use your information to customize your experience with us. To look at site trends and customer interests. We may use your information to make website or product improvements. We may also combine information we get from you with information we have gotten from third parties.

We may use your information to make website or product improvements. We may also combine information we get from you with information we have gotten from third parties. For security purposes. We may use information to protect our company, our customers, or our websites

We may use information to protect our company, our customers, or our websites For marketing. We may notify you about products, special promotions, or offers. We might tell you about new website features or products. We might also push out mobile notices for content or offers we think you might like. To manage this, follow the instructions in Your Choices , below.

We may notify you about products, special promotions, or offers. We might tell you about new website features or products. We might also push out mobile notices for content or offers we think you might like. To manage this, follow the instructions in , below. To communicate with you about your account or our relationship: We may contact you to tell you about changes to this Policy or our website Terms. We may also tell you about issues with your orders.

We may share information with third parties

Your information may be shared when legally permitted, including in the following situations:

Within our company (including our affiliated companies).

With third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who perform services for customers on our behalf, or will authorize them to collect information on our behalf. Some vendors may be located outside of the United States.

For example, we share information with vendors who perform services for customers on our behalf, or will authorize them to collect information on our behalf. Some vendors may be located outside of the United States. With our business partners. We share information with our business and marketing partners. To opt out of Office Depot sharing your information, see Your Choices below. To stop receiving information or marketing from a business partner, you must follow its opt out instructions. Office Depot cannot opt out on your behalf after you have given us permission to share your information; however, we will cease sharing further information if you instruct us to do so.

We share information with our business and marketing partners. To opt out of Office Depot sharing your information, see below. To stop receiving information or marketing from a business partner, you must follow its opt out instructions. Office Depot cannot opt out on your behalf after you have given us permission to share your information; however, we will cease sharing further information if you instruct us to do so. If we think we have to in order to comply with the law. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may also share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We may also share information to protect us, our sites, or our users. We might share information with other companies for fraud and credit risk reduction.

For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may also share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We may also share information to protect us, our sites, or our users. We might share information with other companies for fraud and credit risk reduction. With any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business was sold we may sell our customer list as part of that transaction.

Our websites may link to third party sites or services we don’t control

If you click on one of those links, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the information practices of that website. You should read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for such third party's sites.

We may also provide social media features that enable you to share information with social networks and to interact with Office Depot on various social media sites. Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those sites. Actions you take in connection with social media features may be reflected in a manner visible to others; for example, if you “Like” us on Facebook, others may be able to see that you have done so.

We use standard security measures to protect your information

The Internet is not 100% secure. We thus cannot promise that your information will be completely safe. Please use caution when using the Internet or providing personal information to others.

Our digital platforms and programs are not intended for kids

Our digital properties are not intended for children under 16. We take steps on these sites to avoid collecting information online from children under 16. In some cases, children may give us information without us knowing about it. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under 16 has provided us with personally identifiable information, please email us (mailoptout@officedepot.com) or call us at 1-800-463-3768. If you want to write, use the address listed below. Please mark your inquiries to the attention of "COPPA - Information Request" and include your email and phone number.

Learn more about how to protect your child online. Read the helpful information provided by the FTC. This information includes this consumer education bulletin.

We store information in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Costa Rica, and India

Information we maintain is stored in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Costa Rica, and India. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to these countries. This site is subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country.
***************************************************************


