Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.informamarkets.com/en/privacy-policy.html
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, providers, data, personal, services, informa, products, provide, privacy, information, service, share
Policy: 
As an international company, to provide you with products and services we may share your information for specific reasons. This section explains how and why we share personal data with other companies within Informa, suppliers and other third parties.

Sharing with Informa Group companies

We may share your personal information with certain other companies within Informa for specific purposes. For example, other Informa companies may assist in providing products and services to you, carry out internal analysis of the usage of products and services, or offer relevant products and services which may be of interest.

Sharing with service providers

We may share personal information with third parties to assist in providing products and services to you and/or to offer ancillary add-ons that are complementary to such products and services. These third party data processors are bound to compliance with data protection legislation through contracts that protect the personal information shared with us. They may include: IT and marketing technology host suppliers, web and data hosting providers, mailing houses, ad servers, logistics and general service contractors, hotel/housing partners, freight forwarders, onsite health and safety partners, event registration partners, sales platform providers, communication tool providers, stand designers/builders/fitters, suppliers of sponsorship/marketing/PR collateral and other event collaboration partners.

We make use of web chat services including Intercom, LiveAdmins, Live Chat, Casengo etc. These web chat services allow us to connect with you and answer sales and customer services questions quickly and directly. We ensure that these service providers protect your data but you should not provide any sensitive information (e.g. bank or credit card details) in these chats, which are intended to provide you with quick answers to basic service questions only.

Sharing with other organisations

We may share your personal information with our trusted partner organisations for their marketing purposes in accordance with local data laws and where appropriate your permissions.

If you use one of our virtual products, e.g. Virtual Exhibitions, Directory Sites, Webinars etc., or choose to allow your badge to be scanned at an event, we may pass the information you provide to third parties. Generally, this will be via a process whereby you, as the user, visit or interact with a third party, e.g. visit a stand at an online exhibition, have your badge scanned or click on an asset branded and provided by a third party. In some instances, for example, a products listing site, you may reach out directly to a supplier or exhibitor, who may contact you in return. In other instances, our virtual products are sponsored and, in such cases, the data you provided to us will be given to the sponsor. Generally, we will let you know at the time of collection if a product is sponsored.

We may share your personal information with third parties outside Informa including the Securities Exchange in the event of a sale, merger, acquisition, partnership, joint venture, collaboration, or negotiations related to the same with respect to all or part of our business.

Sharing with government departments or agencies

In some circumstances, we may be legally required to disclose your personal information because a court, the police, another judicial or law enforcement body or government entity has asked us for it.

For events specifically held in regions of the Middle East, we are required by law to supply your personal information (full name, DOB, nationality and e-mail address) to the Dubai Department of Tourism and Commerce Marketing (DTCM) and Abu Dhabi Municipality. These government bodies state they will not disclose data to any third parties. Informa Markets cannot accept any liability in this regard.


