Title: KLM Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.klm.com/travel/cl_en/customer_support/privacy_policy/privacy_policy.htm
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, emails, data, personal, offers, services, unsubscribe, personalised, facebook, privacy, klm, booking, advertisements
Policy: 
4.1. Main purposes for which we use your personal data



(A) To provide our services to you

We use the information described under 2.1 (A) to (G) to handle your reservations and bookings and to arrange your trips and purchases. For example, we use your name, passport number, and other identifying information to issue your ticket. We use your contact details to inform you about changes in your flight status.

If the persons in your booking are members of our Flying Blue loyalty programme, we will use the contact details they provided to inform them about their flight and any changes in their flight status.



We need to know your specific medical needs to ensure that you receive appropriate care. We only use this data to ensure that you receive appropriate medical care.



(B) To facilitate our bluebiz corporate loyalty programme



(C) To provide you with our online services and mobile apps and a seamless digital experience

i. For example, we use your name and flight details when you use our app to check in for your flight.

ii. Some of our online services and apps use your location, for example, to show you the nearest location of interest.

iii. To offer you the best possible digital experience, we analyse your use of digital media, so that we can tailor our communication towards the digital channel or device that you use most (see 2.1 (G)).

iv. If you break off your booking session on our website, we will send you an e-mail with a link to your booking session, so you can continue where you left off. You will receive similar e-mails if you break off booking sessions on the websites of our partners Airtrade and OptionTown, which offer package deals and flight bundles. We will only send you such e-mails at your request or if you have agreed to receive updates and special offers from us by e-mail (see 4.1 (E)). You can withdraw your consent for such e-mails at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the e-mail, by changing your communication preferences in your account (if available), or by contacting us (see 8 “Your Rights” below).



(D) For statistical research

i. General: we research general trends in the use of our services, loyalty programmes, websites, mobile apps, and social media, as well as trends in the behaviour and preferences of our customers, loyalty members and users. We use our research results to develop better services and offers for our customers, improve our loyalty programme, provide better customer service, and improve the design and content of our websites and mobile apps.

ii. Categories of data: to perform our research, we may use the categories of personal data described at 2.1 (A) to (I) and the personal data we collect when you are a Flying Blue member (see our Flying Blue privacy policy for more information). We only use 'aggregated data' or 'pseudonymised data' for our research. This is data that cannot be traced back directly to you because all directly identifiable elements (e.g. names and e-mail addresses) are removed or encoded and given a number. We take appropriate measures to ensure that only a limited group of employees has access to the data set.

iii. Example: if our research into booking details and data about additional services purchased (extra baggage, upgrades) shows that passengers travelling long distances are more inclined to purchase extra legroom, we may use that information to offer extra legroom more prominently for long-distance flights.

iv. Legal basis and right to object: we collect and use your personal data for our legitimate interests described above (see sub (i) “General”). You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of your personal data for statistical research (see 8 “Your rights” below).



(E) Marketing purposes

i. General: we may use your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In this paragraph, we explain how we use your data for these purposes.



ii. Channels: we use various channels such as e-mail, mobile push notifications, postal mail, ad space on websites and social media channels. For example:



– Booking related e-mails: if you book a flight, you will receive multiple e-mails regarding your booking (e.g. your booking confirmation, information about checking in and boarding). Those e-mails contain advertisements and offers tailored to you and your flight.

– E-mails from KLM with updates and offers: you can choose to receive e-mails containing updates and offers tailored to your interests, such as our newsletter. These e-mails contain offers for our own services and services offered by our partners, such as package deals and flight bundles offered by our partners Airtrade and OptionTown. With your consent, we will also send you e-mails on specific occasions, such as a special offer on your birthday or personalised offers for your next trip within a few months after your return.

– Direct messages through other communication channels: with your consent, we use other communication channels to send you direct messages with personalised advertisements and special offers, such as postal mail, mobile push notifications or social channels (e.g. Messenger, WhatsApp, or WeChat).

– Display relevant information and personalised advertisements on websites and apps: see our cookie policy. We may also use your personal data to exclude you from advertisements which are no longer relevant for you.

– Custom audience targeting through social media platforms: you may choose to receive personalised advertisements and offers on the social media platforms you use. For example, we use the Facebook Custom Audience programme. Among other things, this programme enables us to display personalised advertisements and offers in your newsfeed on Facebook platforms, including Facebook Messenger and Instagram. We can also use this programme to exclude you from advertising campaigns on Facebook platforms, if, for example, you have already received similar advertisements or offers by e-mail.



To enable Facebook to determine whether you have a Facebook account, we share your pseudonymised (hashed) e-mail address with Facebook. We do not share any other data with Facebook. Facebook, in turn, only provides us with aggregated data about the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. This is data that cannot be traced directly back to you. This way, we try to make every effort to keep your personal data secure and confidential.



To determine our audience for a specific Facebook campaign, we may use your booking details or the data we collect when you use our websites, mobile apps, or other digital media. In addition, Facebook may use the personal data it collects about you to compile a similar audience. This allows us to reach a new audience through Facebook. Learn more about how Facebook uses your data for its custom audience programme and how you can control how information about you is used by Facebook to personalise the ads you see. You can also check Facebook’s privacy policy . We may participate in similar programmes offered by other social media networks, such as Google, Twitter, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Snapchat, WeChat, KakaoTalk, and LINE. Please check the privacy policies of these social media networks for more information.



If you no longer want us to include you in the social media custom audience targeting programmes we use, please send an e-mail to KLMPrivacyOffice@klm.com to withdraw your consent. When sending this e-mail, please use the e-mail address for which you would like to withdraw your consent.

iii. Personalised offers: we aim to make advertisements and offers as relevant as possible for you. To that end, we may analyse the categories of personal data described at 2.1 (A) to (I), 4.1 (C) (statistical research data) and the personal data we collect when you are a Flying Blue member (see our Flying Blue privacy policy for more information). We use the results of this analysis to personalise advertisements and offers. For example, with your consent, we may send you an e-mail after you return from a trip with offers based on your booking history, to offer you inspiration for your next trip. We may also use your booking history (e.g. travel for pleasure or business, cabin class, destination, Flying Blue member) to provide you with a discount for an upgrade or extra baggage.



iv. Legal basis and right to object: unless indicated otherwise, we collect and use your personal data as described in this section 4.1 (E) for our legitimate interests and the interests of third parties. You have the right to object to the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including related profiling activities, at any time (see 8 “Your rights” below).



v. Unsubscribe: you can always unsubscribe from receiving personalised advertisements and offers. Please find below an explanation of how you can unsubscribe.

– E-mails: you may unsubscribe from our advertisements and offers in our booking and loyalty programme e-mails and from e-mails to which you have subscribed at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the e-mail. In many cases, you can also unsubscribe by changing your communication preferences in your account. If you unsubscribe, you will only receive e-mails necessary to be able to use our services (e.g. your booking confirmation and e-ticket) or to participate in our loyalty programme (e.g. welcome message sent to members).

– Postal mail: you may unsubscribe from receiving personalised advertisements and special offers by postal mail by contacting us (see 8 “Your rights” below).

– Other communication channels: if you have opted to receive personalised advertisements and offers through mobile push notifications, you can unsubscribe by changing your smartphone settings (for mobile push notifications). Visit the website of your social network provider for more information on how to unsubscribe from receiving personalised advertisements and offers through social channels (e.g. Messenger, WhatsApp, and WeChat).

– Contact our Privacy Offices: you may always contact us to unsubscribe from receiving messages containing advertisements and offers (see 8 “Your rights” below).



(F) To communicate with you

We use your contact details to communicate with you about our services or loyalty programme, to answer your questions, or to address your complaints.

(G) Unruly behaviour

i. Passengers who have behaved unruly on the ground or onboard our aircraft or who have misused our services may be banned for a maximum period of five years, or may be welcome aboard only on certain conditions. KLM keeps a list of unruly passengers (see 2.1 (J) above). Passengers placed on these lists will be personally informed (in writing where possible) about the fact that they have been placed on this list and why, what measures KLM has taken against them, and how long these special security measures will apply to them. For more information on how to access or rectify this data, see 8 “Your Rights” below.



ii. Illegal drugs: KLM receives from the State of the Netherlands the names of passengers who have disembarked at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and who have been found by the Royal Netherlands Marechaussee to be carrying illegal drugs. KLM may refuse to enter into any transport contract with these persons for a period of 3 years for direct flights from Amsterdam Airport Schiphol to Suriname, Aruba, Bonaire, St. Maarten, or Curaçao and direct flights from these countries to Schiphol. You may request permission to access or rectify this data by submitting a written request to that effect to the Royal Netherlands Marechaussee, PO Box 90615, 2509 LP The Hague, The Netherlands. If you reside in Aruba, the Netherlands Antilles, Suriname or Venezuela, you must enclose a copy of your passport with your written request.

(H) To conduct our business operations or to comply with statutory obligations

We collect, use, and retain your personal data to conduct our business operations, such as for record-keeping purposes, to prevent or combat fraud, or to settle disputes. In the case of fraud or misuse of our services, we may enter your personal data in our internal fraud control and warning systems. As a result, your bookings may be subject to close scrutiny and in particular cases be refused or cancelled, or you may no longer be welcome on board our aircraft or only on certain conditions (see 4.1 (G) above). We also collect and use your personal data to comply with our legal and tax obligations.



4.2 Specific services, apps, events, contests, or campaigns



For specific services, apps, events, contests, or campaigns, we may use your personal data for purposes other than those described in this privacy policy. We will inform you about those purposes when you register for the service, event, contest, or campaign, or when you download the relevant app.



4.3 Legal basis



We may collect and use your personal data only if we have a legal basis for doing so. In many cases, we need your personal data to receive your booking, arrange your flight or purchases, facilitate your loyalty membership, or to answer your questions (see 4.1 (A) to (B) and (F) above). In those cases, the legal basis for processing your data is 'necessary for the performance of a contract'.



If you have consented to the collection and use of your personal data (which consent you may withdraw at any time, see 8 “Your rights” below), we will collect and use your data based on that consent.



In certain cases, we may use your personal data if we or third parties have a legitimate interest in doing so. We will always consider all interests carefully: your interests, the interests of others, and KLM's interests. On that legal basis, we will collect and use your data for, for instance, security, statistical research, or direct marketing purposes, or to offer personalised discounts and offers (see 4.1 (C), (D) and (G) above for more information).



We may have a legal obligation to collect and use your data, for example, to satisfy immigration formalities (see 4.1 (H).



If you refuse to provide the personal data that we need to perform the contract we have concluded with you or to comply with a legal obligation, we may not be able to provide all the services you have requested from us. Consequently, we may have to cancel your flight, or we may not be able to provide you with the additional services you have requested. If you provide incomplete or inaccurate information, we may be forced to deny you boarding or entry into a foreign territory.


