Title: Privacy
URL: https://www.pepsico.com/legal/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: apps, policy, information, sites, collect, email, products, example, social, privacy, share
Policy: 
Welcome to the PepsiCo, Inc. ("PepsiCo") web site. Below you will find our Privacy Policy regarding any personal information that you may supply to us through this web site.

PEPSICO UNITED STATES PRIVACY POLICY

Updated: December 31, 2019

It is our aim through this PEPSICO UNITED STATES PRIVACY POLICY (“Policy”) to explain what information we collect about you and why we collect that information. We also want to make sure you understand how we use and share your information and the choices available to you. Our goal is to earn and keep your trust as you visit websites and applications about our products and brands.

This Policy describes how we treat personal information on websites (“sites”), mobile or social media applications (“apps”), and any other services where we include an authorized link or reference to this Policy (together, the “Services”). This Policy does not describe our practices on sites or apps where it is not referenced.

Your use of our apps and sites indicates you agree to our collection, use, and sharing of your information as set forth in this Policy.

What Information Do We Collect?

We collect identifiers and contact information. For example, we may collect your name and street address if you register on our site or apps. We may also collect your phone number or email address. We also collect online identifiers. For example, if you engage with us through a social media site, we may collect your social media user identifier.

We collect payment information. If you make purchases with us, we (or our business partners who process credit cards for us) may collect your billing information. This includes your credit card number.

We collect information you submit or otherwise provide or authorize us to collect. We collect the information you post in a public space on our site. This includes comments and videos or photos. We also collect any other information you may provide to us or authorize us to collect. This may include information about your physical activities or your nutrition preferences.

We collect demographic information and information about your interests. We may collect information such as your gender and age, household or lifestyle information, and your zip code.

We collect internet and electronic network activity information, such as device and usage information. We may collect information about the browser you are using, and we may look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. We may also collect information about your operating system, Internet Service Provider (ISP) information and IP addresses and other device identifiers, such as mobile device identifiers. In addition, we may collect information about your use of our Services, including through use of tracking technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, and Flash Cookies. For additional information, please visit our About Our Ads policy here.

We collect geolocation information. Using technologies such as GPS or Wi-Fi, we may collect information about your location. For example, if you use our mobile apps, we may access your device’s location information to provide you location-enabled features.

We collect job application information, such as professional or employment-related information and education information. We collect information if you apply for a job with us. This information may include your education and work history, your skills, and qualifications for the position. We may ask about how you learned about the position. If applicable, we may ask about your driving record and your ability to perform the position. We may also collect the last four digits of your social security number and your nationality.

We collect information about third parties. From time to time, we may allow you to send an email or message to a friend through one of our sites or apps. If you choose to do this, we will need that person’s name and email address.

How Do We Collect Information?

We collect information directly from you. We collect information from you when you:

make a purchase with us

register on one of our sites or apps

join our loyalty programs

apply for a job

sign up for our email newsletters and other notifications

participate in promotions such as sweepstakes or contests

fill out a survey

contact us

otherwise submit it to us

We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and mobile device IDs. We do this on our websites, in emails that we send to you, and in media advertising. We collect information about usage and browser information over time. We may have third parties collect personal information this way. We also collect information about you from our mobile apps.

Third parties may also share information about you with us. For example, our business partners may give us information about you. We may receive information from companies who compile information about shoppers and their preferences. Social media platforms may also give us information about you, and we may get information about your interactions with our ads on third-party sites.

We Combine Information from Different Sources

We combine information. For example, we may combine information we have collected offline with information we collect online. We combine information we have collected across third-party sites, including social media sites. We combine information across devices such as computers and mobile devices. We may also combine information from third parties with information we already have.

How We Use the Information We Collect

We use information to help us effectively provide you products and services. We use your information to respond to your questions or enable you to participate in our programs. This may include sweepstakes or contests. Another example is that we may use your information to process your registration with sites and apps. We may use your friends’ email addresses to send them information you requested we send them. We also use your information to process orders for you. We may also contact you if you have won a prize or promotion.

We use information to improve our products and services. One of our goals is that you have a positive experience with our sites, apps, and products. Therefore, we may use your information to improve your experience with our sites, apps, and products. We might use your information to personalize your experience with us. We may use information you provide or that third-party partners give us to personalize your experience.

We use information for security purposes. We may use your information to help protect you, our sites and apps, our company, our customers, and our consumers.

We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might send you information about products, offers, features, or updates. We might also use your information to serve you ads about products and offers. Those ads may appear on third-party platforms which may include social media. These might be our own offers or products, or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting. We may provide you with information through email or push notification.

We use information to get feedback from you about how we’re doing and for other transactional purposes. We may contact you about this Policy or the Terms of Use posted to the sites or apps you are using. We may also communicate with you about a job application or your questions about our products or promotions.

We use information as the law allows us or as we may notify you.

We Share Information With the PepsiCo Family of Companies, Brands and Affiliated Third Parties

We share information within the PepsiCo family of companies and brands. This includes current and future PepsiCo subsidiaries, affiliates, and joint venture partners. This also includes current brands such as Pepsi, Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Quaker, and Tropicana; and all future brands. For a list of PepsiCo brands, visit http://www.pepsico.com/brands/product-information. We may also share information with third parties with which we have an ownership interest or commercial relationship, such as companies whose products we distribute.

We share information with our business partners and third-party vendors. For example, we may share information with joint promotion partners. If you register for a joint promotion, your information may be collected by both us and the third party. This might include retailers. Your information will be used by us as described in this Policy or by promotion partners as described in their policies. We may also share information with companies who serve as our vendors or third parties who perform services on our behalf. They may help us deliver products or services to you. We may share information with companies who operate our sites and apps or who run our promotions.

We will share information if we think we must in order to comply with the law or to protect our company. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it. This includes United States and non-United States law enforcement or regulatory authorities. We may also share information if we are investigating potential fraud.

We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold we may include your information as part of that transaction.

If there are additional reasons we may share information, we will describe those to you.

You Have Certain Choices About How We Use Your Information

You can opt out of email marketing. To stop receiving promotional emails from us, follow the instructions in any promotional email message you get from us. If you opt out of getting marketing email messages, you may continue to receive non-marketing email messages from us where permitted by law.

You can control cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we and our vendors use cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our About Our Ads policy, please click here.

Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms. Some web browsers transmit "do-not-track" signals to websites. Because the standards for these signals are still under development, we currently do not take action in response to these signals.

You can control tools on your mobile devices. For example, you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your phone. To modify the push notifications you get from our app, you can alter your preferences in your profile.

You may have other choices under state laws. Depending on where you live, you may have certain additional rights, such as the right to request access to your personal information or to request deletion of your personal information.

Requests should be submitted as set out in the “Feel Free to Contact Us If You Have More Questions” section of this Privacy Policy. These rights are not absolute, and we will respond to all requests we receive in accordance with applicable laws. The Your California Rights section below provides additional information for California residents.


