Title: Twilio Privacy Statement
URL: https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: collect, api, twilio, services, service, address, communicate, account, privacy, information, number, statement
Policy: 
Information You Share Directly: When you sign up for a Twilio account with us, you’ll be asked to give us your name, email address, and optionally, your company name, and to create a password. You can also name your account (or accounts, if you have more than one). We collect this information so we know who you are, we can communicate with you about your account(s), and we can recognize you when you communicate with us through the account portal or otherwise.

When you sign up for a SendGrid account, we ask you for a username, email address, and ask you to create a password. Similarly, we collect this information so we can identify you on our service, provide the service to you, communicate with you about your account, and recognize you when you communicate with us.

We also use your email address to send you information about other Twilio products, services or events in which we think you may be interested. You can opt out of further marketing communications through your marketing preferences page linked from any marketing email you receive from Twilio. Or, you can contact our Customer Support Team to communicate your choice to opt-out.

When you first sign up for an account, we also ask you for a telephone number so we can communicate a verification code to that telephone number and have you enter the code into our website. This helps us ensure you’re actually a human being. A Twilio team member may also contact you at this number to help you with onboarding unless you tell us you don’t want us to contact you.

When you set up two-factor authentication for your account, we’ll ask you to enter a telephone number to set up the process. You have the option to use that telephone number as the method for us to communicate verification codes to you to verify that it is you logging into your account. You can alternatively use the Authy App for verification codes.

When you upgrade your trial account, we’ll ask you to provide our payment processor with your payment method information like a credit card or your Paypal account, and/or your billing address. Our payment processor, acting on our behalf, gathers this so we can bill you for your use of our products and services. Our payment processor will share your billing address with Twilio. Your billing address may also be used by Twilio for tax calculation and audit purposes.

For some products, we may also obtain a physical address from you that includes a proof of address, name, or other identification information. For example, to get a phone number in certain countries, local law may require us to have a physical service address on file for the individual who will be using that Twilio number, whether that’s you or your end user, and/or proof of identity and physical service address. We call these “subscriber records.”

We may have to share subscriber records with the local telecommunications carrier that provides local connectivity services or with local government authorities. We may also use this physical service address for tax purposes.

Similarly, for some of our products, you or your end user, whoever is going to be making use of the product, may have to complete an application form providing details about your company and your intended use of the product, like when you are interested in getting a short code. We’ll use this information for the purpose for which it was gathered from you. We may also use it in connection with improving our own internal processes and services or training our team members.

Information We Generate or Collect Automatically. When you sign up for an account with Twilio, we’ll automatically assign you and your account(s) unique IDs called SIDs and we’ll automatically generate an API token for each of your accounts. These are used like a username and password to make API requests. Instead of using these API tokens, you can provision API Keys, and use your API key for authentication when making requests to our APIs. We keep a record of these credentials so we know it is you making the requests when your application makes requests to our API using these credentials.

In addition, when you use our account portal, we collect your IP address and other data through tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. We use this information to understand how customers are using our platform, who those customers are (if they are a company and the IP address is associated with that company), what country they are logging in from (for analytics and export control purposes), and to help improve the navigation experience. For more details on our use of cookies and tracking technologies, please see Twilio’s Cookie Notice, and SendGrid’s page on Website Navigational Information.

Note that we also collect the IP address of your devices or servers when you make requests to our APIs. When you use our APIs, we also collect and process the information contained in those interactions. For more information about how personal information is processed in that context, see the section below on “How Twilio Processes End Users’ Personal Information” and our API Docs.

All information we collect when you sign up for a Twilio account and interact with the Twilio account portal or our products or services may be used to detect, prevent, or investigate security incidents, fraud, or abuse and misuse of our platform and services. We will also use it, and share it with our service providers, as needed for our operational purposes — such as to do things to function as a business and provide our services to you.


