Title: Privacy & Disclaimer
URL: https://yunify.nl/privacy-disclaimer/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: information, data, web, country, access, personal, provide, disclaimer, site, privacy, yunify, applicable
Policy: 
Disclaimer

The individual pages of the Web Site are operated and administered by Yunify and/or its affiliates. The pages comply with the law applicable in the country where the responsible company has its business residence. Yunify makes no representation that information, software and/or documentation on the Web Site are appropriate or available for viewing or downloading at locations outside such country. If Users access Web Site from outside such country, they are exclusively responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws. Access to Web Site’s information, software and/or documentation from countries where such content is unlawful is prohibited. In this case and where User seeks to do business with Yunify, the User should contact the Yunify representative for the particular country for country specific business.

Privacy

Through our Web sites, Yunify BV will not collect any personal data about you (e.g. your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), unless you voluntarily choose to provide us with it (e.g. by registration, survey), respectively, provide your consent, or unless otherwise permitted by applicable laws and regulations for the protection of your personal data.

Personal data

When you do provide us with personal data, we usually use it to respond to your inquiry, process your order or provide you access to specific information or offers.

Communications or Utilization Data

Through your use of telecommunications services to access our Web site, your communications data (e.g. Internet protocol address) or utilization data (e.g. information on the beginning, end and extent of each access, and information on the telecommunications services you accessed) are technically generated and could conceivably relate to personal data. To the extent that there is a compelling necessity, the collection, processing and use of your communications or utilization data will occur and will be performed in accordance with the applicable data privacy protection legal framework.

Cookies

When you view one of our Web sites, we may store some data on your computer in the form of a “cookie” to automatically recognize your PC next time you visit. Cookies can help us in many ways, for example, by allowing us to tailor a Web site to better match your interests or to store your password to save you having to re-enter it each time.


