Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://stackoverflow.com/legal/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: stack, policy, legitimate, personal, overflow, services, data, products, legal, interests, privacy, information
Policy: 
WHO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH

We may share personal information with third parties who provide services to Stack Overflow, such as payment processors, email delivery services, software providers, advertising providers and when we enter into product integrations with Software providers. Additionally, to improve user experience, we offer single sign-on solutions for account login and these third parties (including Facebook and Google) may receive information from these services when you elect to use them. When Stack Overflow shares your personal information and other collected information with third party service providers, we require that they use your information only for the purpose of providing services to us and consistent with this privacy policy.

Advertising and marketing partners

When you register for an account, and when you interact with Stack Overflow, e.g., when you use the Public Network, we and authorized third parties place cookies on you and your account activity as described in more detail within our cookie policy. We use this information to serve you certain advertising content. Similarly, we market our Products and Services to you and communicate important information, product and other opportunities to you. If you do not wish to receive direct marketing communications from us, you can tell us and remove yourself from our marketing communications via the unsubscribe and opt out options in our email communications and your Account Settings. For more information on how to control your account settings or to opt out of direct marketing campaigns, please visit your Profile Settings.

Analytics information

Stack Overflow uses data analytics to ensure site functionality and to optimize our Product and Service offerings to you. We use web browser and mobile analytics to allow us to understand Network and Apps functionality. In doing so, we record information including, for example how often you visit the Network, how often you contribute content, Network and Apps performance data, errors and debugging information, and the type of activity you engage in while on the Network or in your use of our Products and Services. We may on occasion share this information with third parties for research or product and services optimization.

Billing information

For Products and Services requiring payment, we collect a billing name, phone number, and email address. We also collect a billing and shipping address for invoicing purposes. If you elect to pay by credit card, Stack Overflow may engage a third party to securely process your payment. All payment processing is done through a PCI DSS compliant third party. If customers are paying by a credit card, their card details are vaulted through a third-party payment gateway. Stack Overflow will store an encrypted token along with the last four digits of the credit card and the expiration month and year of the card and will not store or retain any other billing information about you.

Developer Survey

As the world’s largest developer community, Stack Overflow publishes an annual Developer Survey to provide key insights into the developer community, as well as other surveys from time to time, all of which include demographic (e.g. gender, race, age etc) and certain personal information. Your participation in the Developer Survey as well as any other Stack Overflow survey is entirely voluntary. In order to provide meaningful insights into the developer community, Stack Overflow may collect sensitive data about you, including, but not limited to your gender, race, sexual orientation, immigration status, and your location. We consider this data to be among our most sensitive, and have taken elevated measures to protect such data as well as to de-identify your name and other personal information from such data. We restrict such data within Stack Overflow on a privileged basis to only those that need to see it and while we may share your personal information with certain third parties such as researchers, we do so only after imposing contractual obligations of confidentiality on such third parties and only where absolutely necessary for limited research purposes.

When we publish our surveys, they are published as a compilation of anonymized data, which means that we take every effort to ensure that your information is understood in a statistical narrative decoupled from your personal identity.

If you have any questions concerning the Developer Survey or other survey and our security measures to protect your sensitive personal data, please contact us at: privacy@stackoverflow.com.

Legal basis for processing your information

We will only use your information where we have a legal basis for using it, for example, where we have your consent, or where we need to carry out processing to provide you with a service you have requested. This section describes the legal bases we rely on for processing your information, including when we share it with third parties.

When you access the Stack Overflow Network and use the Products and Services we offer, we collect, display, store, share, transmit, and process your information in the manner described in this policy.

In order to carry out these activities, Stack Overflow may rely on the following legal bases in order to process your personal data:

Where you have given us consent to process the information, which you can withdraw at any time.

Where the processing is necessary: to carry out the contractual obligations in the Terms of Service or to provide the Products and Services you have requested to comply with a legal obligation or to defend legal claims to protect the public interest or vital interest of others

Where it is in our legitimate interests, or that of a third party to carry out the processing.

Whenever we rely on legitimate interests for processing, we ensure that we consider and balance our interests against the individual’s interests before processing. We do not use your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest for activities where individuals’ interests override our interests.

Where we process your information on the basis of legitimate interests, we do so in order to:

Secure your personal data and information

Stack Overflow is committed to the safety and security of your personal data and the information that you share with us and with the public. We treat your personal data and safety from harassment as top organizational priorities. At Stack Overflow we consider it necessary to pursue these legitimate interests in order to keep our community, you and your information safe from spam, harassment, intellectual property infringement, identity theft, and the scraping and unlawful collection of your information.

Provide and optimize products and services

We use your information to provide and improve our Products and Services, for identification, verification, to provide support, for online and offline marketing including through third party tools such as Google Analytics, and for general research and analytics reporting. In doing so, we may learn which of our Products and Services you are using most, what you’re interested in, and to better enable you to use and access our Products and Services. As a core part of our business, Stack Overflow has a legitimate interest in enabling and customizing your experience of our Product and Services offerings.

Engage in commercial transactions

As part of providing our core Products and Services, Stack Overflow may charge you for the use of some Products and Services, or certain features within these Products and Services. In order to process your payment, and to secure your financial information, we may facilitate the sharing of your information with third parties. We share your information only with third parties who have met strict security standards and consider the secure processing of your financial information to be a strict and legitimate business necessity.

Comply with regulatory and legal obligations

Stack Overflow has a legitimate interest in complying with certain legal obligations and interests which, from time to time, may require the disclosure of your personal information. Stack Overflow will not disclose your personal information to legal authorities except where such disclosure is by lawful request, including to meet legitimate national security or law enforcement demands (including a subpoena, court order, or other lawful legal demand by a legal authority with lawful jurisdiction). In some cases, we may also release your personal information to defend our legitimate legal interests. We consider our obligation to protect the Stack Overflow community from imminent physical harm to be both a legitimate business interest as well as to be within the public interest and may disclose your personal information if we believe you or another individual may be in imminent danger of harm to yourself or to another.

Marketing and product communications

From time to time, Stack Overflow may communicate with you about commercial and other Product and Services offerings. In doing so, we provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of such messages at any time you choose via your account settings. Stack Overflow will not sell your personal information to enhance our marketing opportunities or profitability (except as may relate to a corporate event such as a sale or merger), and as we are committed to preventing spam, our direct marketing efforts are limited in scope and frequency. We engage in such activities as a legitimate business interest in order to promote key Products and Service offerings and provide you with every opportunity to unsubscribe from such communications or to further limit their scope and frequency. In short, while we want to communicate some key commercial communications with you and have determined it to be a legitimate interest for us to be able to do so, you have the final say in whether or not you would like to receive such commercial communications from us. You can review or change your permissions in your Profile Settings.

Core business operations

Stack Overflow may engage with third parties in business transactions including the buying and selling of assets, the auditing of our business practices and financials, and to engage in business development opportunities. These core activities may involve the processing and/or disclosure of some limited personal information which may be necessary and within our legitimate interests to develop the Stack Overflow brand and business. If we transfer any personal information in pursuing such a business transaction, we will always ensure that strict confidentiality measures are in place to protect your privacy interests.


