Title: HTC United States
URL: https://www.htc.com/us/terms/privacy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: states, policy, policies, apply, collect, personal, services, parties, united, privacy, information, htc
Policy: 
This privacy policy (the “ Policy ”) describes how HTC Corporation and our related companies (“ HTC ” or " we / our / us ") collect, use and share personal information that we collect from you as a user of HTC websites, devices, applications and services (together, the “ Services ”). HTC strives to comply with all laws that apply to our handling of information collected about you. This Policy is subject to those laws that may be more strict than as outlined here. The term “ related companies ” means HTC Corporation, HTC America, Inc., HTC Europe Ltd. Inc and HTC affiliates which collect and process your personal information in the countries you are located.

We may add to, or amend, this Policy with other notices. We may also post different privacy policies for some Services and, when we do so, this Policy does not apply. For example, where applicable, separate policies apply to information collected from your device through Tell HTC Usage and Tell HTC Error Reporting.

As described in this Policy, you have the right to object to us using, sharing or carrying out any activity with your personal information (in certain circumstances) including using your personal information for direct marketing (i.e. receiving emails from us notifying you about other services which we think will be of interest to you or being contacted with varying potential opportunities). Contact us at any time with the details provided in the contact section below for more detail and to exercise these rights where applicable.

NOTE: Your wireless operator, mobile operating system provider and/or third-party applications, toolbars, services, “plug-ins”, social media platforms and websites may also collect, use and share information about you and your device and your usage. HTC’s privacy policies do not cover any third parties, their products, actions or their services. HTC does not control how third parties collect, use or secure your data. For information about third-party privacy practices, please consult their privacy policies. Only download applications from, and interact and connect with, reputable third parties.


