Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.shimano.com/en/privacypolicy.html
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, order, reasonable, personal, handling, utilization, company, privacy, information, purpose, safety, scope
Policy: 
This policy outlines the basic mindset that Shimano Inc. as well as its Group companies (hereinafter referred to as “the Company”) have with respect to the protection and handling of personal information obtained through business activities.

1. When handling personal information, the Company will comply with the items set forth by relevant law such as the Personal Information Protection Act, as well as this policy.

2. The Company will acquire personal information by lawful and fair means.

3. The Company will utilize personal information upon making clear the purpose of utilization, and will only use the personal information within the scope of the purpose.

4. The Company will not provide acquired personal information to a third party, except in cases in which the consent of the person is given or the provision is based on legal provisions.

5. The Company will appropriately manage personal information in order to secure its accuracy, and will also take reasonable safety measures in order to prevent leakage, loss, damage, etc. of personal information.

6. The Company will manage personal information appropriately and take reasonable safety measures when personal information is utilized jointly with Group companies or business partners within the scope of its purpose of utilization or if personal information handling is outsourced.

7. The Company will announce the procedures regarding inquiries and requests for disclosure of personal information that the Company possesses, and will respond promptly and sincerely to such requests.

8. In order to implement the aforementioned policy items, the Company will assign an individual responsible for the management of personal information.

9. The Company will continuously revise and improve its personal information management system and structure in order to effectively protect personal information in accordance with future changes in laws or circumstances.


