Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.novartis.com/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, website, collect, data, personal, services, usa, social, privacy, information
Policy: 
Most of our services do not require any form of registration, allowing you to visit our site without telling us who you are. However, some services may require you to voluntarily provide us with Personal Data, which may include information such as your name, birth date, email address or telephone number. We may collect and use this Personal Data to provide you with products, services, and customer support, to bill you for products and services you request, to market products and services which we think may be of interest to you, or to communicate with you for other purposes which are evident from the circumstances or about which we inform you when we collect your Personal Data.

Personal Data collected from public social media:

We may also collect personal data that you made publicly available on public social media platforms (including blogs, forums etc.), related to Novartis, Novartis products, and more in general about drugs and diseases. This activity, called “social media listening”, is based on our legitimate business interests, for example to (i) have a better understanding of how certain key audiences like healthcare professionals or patients experience certain diseases or react to the use of Novartis products, (ii) have a better understanding of Novartis’ reputation as well as other market trends, (iii) identify key-stakeholders, in particular bloggers and social media influencers, and to initiate contact with them. This may include your personal information in form of comments, messages, blogs, photos and videos, although we will take steps to limit this personal information to the minimum necessary and keep it for no longer than necessary for the social media listening activity. If you want to limit further who can see your information, we recommend that you use the privacy settings available to you on such platforms.

When you share your personal information on a public social media platform, we suggest you also familiarize yourself with the privacy policy of that specific platform as these platforms are not owned and managed by Novartis.

Personal Data used for website usage analytics:

We may also collect and process information about your visit to this website, such as the pages you visit, the website you came from and the searches you perform. We may use such information to help improve the contents of the site and to compile aggregate statistics about people using our site for our internal usage statistics and market research purposes. In doing this, we may install "cookies" that collect the domain name of the user, your internet service provider, your operating system, and the date and time of access. A "cookie" is a small piece of information, which is sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not damage your computer. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a "cookie”, this will enable you to decide if you want to accept it or not. You can also refuse cookies altogether. However, if you do not accept our cookies, you may not be able to use all functionalities of our website.

We do not currently respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide a method to opt out of the collection of information across websites or other online services.

Occasionally, we and our third-party advertising and service providers may use internet tags (also known as action tags, single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, invisible GIFs and 1-by-1 GIFs) and cookies at this site and may deploy these tags/cookies through a third-party advertising partner or a web analytical service partner which may be located and store the respective information (including your IP address) in a foreign country. These tags/cookies are placed on both online advertisements that bring users to this site and on different pages of this site. We use this technology to measure the visitors' responses to our sites and the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns (including how many times a page is opened and which information is consulted) as well as to evaluate your use of this website. The third-party partner or the web analytical service partner may be able to collect data about visitors to our and other sites because of these internet tags/cookies, may compose reports regarding the website’s activity for us and may provide further services which are related to the use of the website and the internet. They may provide such information to other parties if there is a legal requirement that they do so, or if they hire other parties to process information on their behalf. If you would like more information about web tags and cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative website https://www.networkadvertising.org.

We may use a number of technologies offered by different providers to support website analytics and user tracking, including technologies offered by the providers below. If you wish to prevent or control the use of these technologies, please follow the links mentioned with that particular third party:

Crazy Egg (Crazy Egg, Inc., 16220 E. Ridgeview Lane, La Mirada, CA, 90638, USA) Privacy Policy, Opt-out

DoubleClick (Google Inc.,1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) Privacy Policy, Opt-out

Facebook (Facebook, Inc., 1601 S. California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA, 94304, USA) Privacy Policy, Plug-in, Opt-out

Google Analytics (Google Inc.,1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) Privacy Policy, Opt-out

LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Irland) Privacy Policy, Opt-out

Twitter (Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA, 94103, USA) Privacy Policy, Plug-in, Opt-out

Glassdoor (Glassdoor Inc., 100 Shoreline Highway, Mill Valley, CA 94941, USA) Privacy Policy, Opt-out

We may combine, aggregate, or anonymize Personal Data with data we may collect from or about you from other sources, such as public databases, providers of demographic information, joint marketing partners, social media platforms, and other third parties.

We may use your data for our business purposes, including audits, monitoring and prevention of fraud, infringement, and other potential misuse of our products and services, and for modifying our services.

Also, we may use your Personal Data:


