Title: Privacy Notice | Signify
URL: https://www.signify.com/global/privacy/legal-information/privacy-notice
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: signify, information, data, sources, parties, notice, social, account, privacy, media, settings, sns
Policy: 
Information we may collect from other sources

To the extent permitted by applicable law, in addition to our websites, applications and other digital channels, we may also obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms and other third parties. For example, depending on your social media settings, if you choose to connect your social media account to your Signify account, certain data from your social media account will be shared with us, which may include data that is part of your profile.To the extent permitted by applicable law, in addition to our websites, applications and other digital channels, we may also obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms and other third parties. For example, depending on your social media settings, if you choose to connect your social media account to your Signify account, certain data from your social media account will be shared with us, which may include data that is part of your profile. If you interact with us through Social Network Services (‘SNS’) we might process your personal information in accordance with this Notice. What data we process will depend on what personal information you have provided to the SNS (such as your name, email address and other information you have made publicly available) when creating your account. Note that the data we collect from and through a SNS may depend on the privacy settings you have set with the SNS and the permissions you grant to us in connection with linking your account with our products or services to your account with an SNS. Your interactions with third parties through an SNS or similar features are governed by the respective privacy policies of those third parties and your agreement with the SNS. You acknowledge that you are entitled to use your SNS account for the purposes described herein without breach by you of any of the terms and conditions that govern the SNS.



Information we may aggregate from different sources to your profile



If you have indicated to us that you wish to receive personalize direct marketing communications, we might aggregate data from different sources (both internally and externally) to have a better understanding of your preference and interests, and be able to serve you with more relevant communications. You can always object to these activities by way of opposing to this. In particular, you can always opt-out from receiving marketing-related emails by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each email. If you can sign-in to a Signify account, you might be given the option to change your communication preferences under the relevant section of our website or application. You can always contact us (you will find the contact details in the below section “what are your choices?”) to opt-out from receiving marketing-related communications.


