Title: U.S. Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.pfizer.com/Privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: subsidiary, policy, providers, request, pfizer, data, personal, months, privacy, information, service, california
Policy: 
The following provisions apply to the personal data of California residents collected by Pfizer, whether collected online or offline. These provisions supplement the other sections of the Privacy Policy.

We do not sell personal data about California residents.

During the past 12 months we may have engaged in delivering online advertising that was tailored to your interests, which might be deemed to be a sale of data under the California Consumer Privacy Act, but we did not disclose data that would identify you by name, address or phone number.

CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA THAT WE COLLECT AND DISCLOSE

Listed below are the categories of personal data about California residents that we: (1) collect and have collected in the preceding 12 months; and (2) disclose for a business purpose and have disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months. For more information about how we disclose your personal data, refer to the How We Share Your Personal Data Section above.

CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND DISCLOSE APPLICABLE CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS DISCLOSED TO WHICH CATEGORIES OF THIRD PARTIES A. NAME, CONTACT INFORMATION AND IDENTIFIERS: Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, user name, social security number, tax ID, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. Health care providers; investigators; patients; clinical trial participants; caregivers; website visitors Pfizer Inc.’s subsidiary companies; service providers B. CUSTOMER AND OTHER RECORDS: Paper and electronic customer records containing personal data, such as name, signature, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information Patients; clinical trial participants; caregivers Pfizer Inc.’s subsidiary companies; service providers C. PROTECTED CLASSIFICATIONS: Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such as race, color, sex, gender, age, national origin, disability, and citizenship status. Health care providers; investigators; patients; clinical trial participants; caregivers Pfizer Inc.’s subsidiary companies; service providers D. PURCHASE HISTORY AND TENDENCIES: Commercial information, including records of products or services considered, purchased or owned. Health care providers; investigators; patients; caregivers Pfizer Inc.’s subsidiary companies; service providers E. BIOMETRIC INFORMATION: Physiological, biological or behavioral characteristics that can be used alone or in combination with each other to establish individual identity, including DNA, fingerprint, diagnostic or lab results, imagery of the face from which an identifier template can be extracted, and sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information. Clinical trial participants; patients Pfizer Inc.’s subsidiary companies; service providers F. USAGE DATA: Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a resident’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement. Health care providers; investigators; patients; caregivers; website visitors Pfizer Inc.’s subsidiary companies; service providers G. GEOLOCATION DATA: Precise geographic location information about a particular individual or device. Health care providers; patients; caregivers; website visitors Pfizer Inc.’s subsidiary companies; service providers H. AUDIO/VISUAL: Audio, electronic, or visual recordings, or similar information. Health care providers; investigators; patients; clinical trial participants; caregivers Pfizer Inc.’s subsidiary companies; service providers I. EMPLOYMENT HISTORY: Professional or employment-related information. Investigators; caregivers Pfizer Inc.’s subsidiary companies; service providers J. EDUCATION INFORMATION: Information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99). Health care providers; investigators; clinical trial participants; caregivers Pfizer Inc.’s subsidiary companies; service providers K. PROFILES AND INFERENCES: Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about a resident reflecting the resident’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. Health care providers; patients; clinical trial participants; caregivers; website visitors Pfizer Inc.’s subsidiary companies; service providers

As described in the Data We Collect And Use Section above, we collect this personal data from you and from other categories of sources: public databases; social media platforms; and other third parties, when they share the information with us. For example, we may use such third party information to confirm contact or financial information, to verify licensure of healthcare professionals, or to better understand your interests by associating demographic information with the information you have provided.

Also as described above in the How We Use Personal Data Section we may use this personal data to serve you; to connect you with third parties; to validate your ability to access and/or use certain products, services and information; to improve products and services; to protect patients and consumers; and in accordance with special program terms.

INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS

Subject to certain exceptions, California residents have the right to make the following requests, at no charge:

Copy: You may request, up to twice every 12 months, a copy of the specific pieces of personal data that we have collected, used or disclosed about you in the prior 12 months and to have this delivered, free of charge, either (a) by mail or (b) electronically in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows you to transmit this information to another entity without hindrance.

You may request, up to twice every 12 months, a copy of the specific pieces of personal data that we have collected, used or disclosed about you in the prior 12 months and to have this delivered, free of charge, either (a) by mail or (b) electronically in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows you to transmit this information to another entity without hindrance. Deletion: You may request deletion of your personal data that we have collected about you.

You may request deletion of your personal data that we have collected about you. Know: You may request, up to twice every 12 months, that we provide you certain information about how we have handled your personal data in the prior 12 months, including the: categories of personal data collected; categories of sources of personal data; business and/or commercial purposes for collecting your personal data; categories of third parties/with whom we have disclosed or shared your personal data; and categories of personal data that we have disclosed or shared with a third party for a business purpose.

You may request, up to twice every 12 months, that we provide you certain information about how we have handled your personal data in the prior 12 months, including the:

You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act.

Submitting Requests. You may submit requests to delete, access a copy and/or know personal data we have collected about you by accessing our webform at www.pfizer.com/individualrights, or by contacting us at 833-991-1933 (toll free). You will be asked to provide certain personal information when submitting your request including your relationship with Pfizer, first and last name, email address, telephone number and postal address in order for us to determine if your information is in our systems.

We will further verify and respond to your request consistent with applicable law, taking into account the type and sensitivity of the personal information subject to the request. We may need to request additional personal information from you, such as your date of birth or government identifier, in order to protect against fraudulent or spoofed requests. If you want to make a request as an authorized agent on behalf of a California resident, you may use the submission methods noted above. As part of our verification process, we may request that you provide us with proof that you have been authorized by the California resident on whose behalf you are making the request, which may include signed permission provided by such California resident.

Please contact us according to the Contact Us Section below, if you have any questions regarding this Section for California residents.


