Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://airbnb.com/terms/privacy_policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: service, personal, privacy, data, platform, airbnb, services, account, payments, policy, information

Reduced Policy:   Consistent with applicable law, you may exercise any of the rights described in this section before your applicable Airbnb Data Controller and Payments Data Controller. Seeherefor information on data subject rights requests and how to submit a request. . Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity and request before taking further action on your request.  6.1 Managing Your Information.  You may access and update some of your information through your Account settings. If you have chosen to connect your Airbnb Account to a third-party application, like Facebook or Google, you can change your settings and remove permission for the app by changing your Account settings. You are responsible for keeping your personal information up-to-date.  6.2 Rectification of Inaccurate or Incomplete Information.  You have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information about you (and which you cannot update yourself within your Airbnb Account).  6.3 Data Access and Portability.  In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to request certain copies of your personal information held by us. You may also be entitled to request copies of personal information that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and/or request us to transmit this information to another service provider (where technically feasible).  6.4 Data Retention and Erasure.  We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. In certain jurisdictions, you can request to have all your personal information deleted entirely." Please note that if you request the erasure of your personal information:  We may retain some of your personal information as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety. For example, if we suspend an Airbnb Account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that Airbnb Account to prevent that Member from opening a new Airbnb Account in the future.We may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations. For example, Airbnb and Airbnb Payments may keep some of your information for tax, legal reporting and auditing obligations.Information you have shared with others (e.g., Reviews, forum postings) may continue to be publicly visible on the Airbnb Platform, even after your Airbnb Account is cancelled. However, attribution of such information to you will be removed. Additionally, some copies of your information (e.g., log records) may remain in our database, but are disassociated from personal identifiers.Because we maintain the Airbnb Platform to protect from accidental or malicious loss and destruction, residual copies of your personal information may not be removed from our backup systems for a limited period of time.  6.5 Withdrawing Consent and Restriction of Processing.  If we are processing your personal information based on your consent you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your Account settings or by sending a communication to Airbnb specifying which consent you are withdrawing. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal. Additionally, in some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information; (iii) we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the processing pursuant to Section 6.6 and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of Airbnb override your own.  6.6 Objection to Processing.  In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to require Airbnb and Airbnb Payments not to process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate interest. If you object to such processing Airbnb and/or Airbnb Payments will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.  Where your personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you may, at any time ask Airbnb to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes by sending an e-mail to opt-out@airbnb.com.  6.7 Lodging Complaints.  You have the right to lodge complaints about our data processing activities by filing a complaint with our Data Protection Officer who can be reached by the “Contact Us” section below or with a supervisory authority.  7. OPERATING GLOBALLY & INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS  To facilitate our global operations Airbnb and Airbnb Payments may transfer, store, and process your information within our family of companies, partners, and service providers based in Europe, India, Asia Pacific and North and South America. Laws in these countries may differ from the laws applicable to your country of residence. For example, information collected within the EEA may be transferred, stored, and processed outside of the EEA for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Where we transfer store, and process your personal information outside of the EEA we have ensured that appropriate safeguards are in place to ensure an adequate level of data protection.  7.1 EU-US & Swiss-US Privacy Shield.  Airbnb and Airbnb Payments comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. Airbnb has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visithttps://www.privacyshield.gov/.  Under the Privacy Shield Framework, Airbnb and Airbnb Payments are subject to the authority of the Federal Trade Commission. If you have any questions or concerns relating to our Privacy Shield certification, contact us at Airbnb, Inc., Legal Department, 888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 or via email. If we are not able to resolve your concern, you may also contact your European Data Protection Authority or Commission or seek assistance from our designated Privacy Shield independent recourse mechanism,JAMS. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to pursue binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Framework, as described inAnnex I to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If we have received your personal information under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfer it to a third party service provider for processing as described in this Privacy Policy, we will remain responsible if these providers process your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, except where we can establish that Airbnb or Airbnb Payments was not responsible for the violation.  7.2 Other Means to Ensure an Adequate Level of Data Protection.  If Airbnb Ireland is the Data Controller and your information is shared with corporate affiliates or third party service providers outside the EEA, we have (prior to sharing your information with such corporate affiliate or third party service provider) established the necessary means to ensure an adequate level of data protection. This may be an adequacy decision of the European Commission confirming an adequate level of data protection in the respective non-EEA country or an agreement on the basis of the EU Model Clauses (a set of clauses issued by the European Commission). We will provide further information on the means to ensure an adequate level of data protection on request.  7.3 California & Vermont Residents.  Airbnb Payments will not share information it collects about you with its affiliates or third parties (both financial and non-financial), except as required or permitted by your state’s law.  7.4 California Privacy Rights.  California law permits Members who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those third parties. See the “Contact Us” section for where to send such requests. Airbnb and Airbnb Payments do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes without your prior consent. Accordingly, you can prevent disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes by withholding consent.  Effective January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) allows California residents, upon a verifiable consumer request, to request that a business that collects consumers’ personal information to give consumers access, in a portable and (if technically feasible) readily usable form, to the specific pieces and categories of personal information that the business has collected about the consumer, the categories of sources for that information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting the information, and the categories of third parties with which the information was shared. California residents also have the right to submit a request for deletion of information under certain circumstances. Consistent with California law, if you choose to exercise your rights, we won’t charge you different prices or provide different quality of services unless those differences are related to your information. Seeherefor information on data subject rights requests and how to submit a request. Please note that you must verify your identity and request before further action is taken. As a part of this process, government identification may be required. Consistent with California law, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. In order to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must provide a valid power of attorney, the requester’s valid government government issued identification, and the authorized agent’s valid government issued identification.  We do not sell personal information to third parties. We do allow third parties to collect personal information through our Service and share personal information with third parties for the business purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including without limitation advertising and marketing on our Service and elsewhere based on users’ online activities over time and across different sites, services, and devices.  8. SECURITY  We are continuously implementing and updating administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your information against unauthorized access, loss, destruction, or alteration. Some of the safeguards we use to protect your information are firewalls and data encryption, and information access controls. If you know or have reason to believe that your Airbnb Account credentials have been lost, stolen, misappropriated, or otherwise compromised or in case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your Airbnb Account, please contact us following the instructions in the Contact Us section below.  9. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY  Airbnb reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time in accordance with this provision. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the revised Privacy Policy on the Airbnb Platform and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We will also provide you with notice of the modification by email at least thirty (30) days before the date they become effective. If you disagree with the revised Privacy Policy, you may cancel your Account. If you do not cancel your Account before the date the revised Privacy Policy becomes effective, your continued access to or use of the Airbnb Platform will be subject to the revised Privacy Policy.  10. CONTACT US  If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or Airbnb’s information handling practices, you may email us at the email addresses provided in the relevant sections above or contact us via mail at:  For persons whose country of residence is the United States: Airbnb, Inc., Legal Department, 888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 USA. For payments-related matters prior to April 30, 2018: Airbnb Payments, Inc., 999 Brannan Street, 4th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. For payments-related matters after April 30, 2018 at 8AM UTC: Airbnb Payments, Inc. 650 7th Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.For persons whose country of residence is Japan: Airbnb Global Services Limited, Legal Department, 8 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2. Ireland.For persons whose country of residence is India for payments-related matters: Airbnb Payments India Pvt. or Airbnb Payments UK Ltd, depending on which entity is the applicable Payments Data Controller. Airbnb Payments India Pvt. Ltd., Level 9, Spaze i-Tech Park, A1 Tower, Sector-49, Sohna Road, Gurugram India 122018. Airbnb Payments UK Ltd: Data Protection Officer, Suite 1, 3rd Floor, 11-12 St. James’s Square, London SW1Y 4LB United Kingdom.For persons whose country of residence is Australia for payments-related matters: Airbnb Payments UK Ltd or Airbnb Payments Australia Pty. Ltd., depending on which entity is the applicable Payments Data Controller. Airbnb Payments UK Ltd: Data Protection Officer, Suite 1, 3rd Floor, 11-12 St. James’s Square, London SW1Y 4LB United Kingdom. Airbnb Payments Australia Pty. Ltd: 58 Gipps Street, Collingwood VIC 3066, Australia.For persons whose country of residence is outside of the United States, China and Japan: Airbnb Ireland UC, Data Protection Officer, 8 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland and for payments-related matters (except for persons whose country of residence is India): Airbnb Payments UK Ltd., Data Protection Officer, Suite 1, 3rd Floor, 11-12 St. James’s Square, London SW1Y 4LB United Kingdom.For persons whose country of residence is in the European Union for payments-related matters and if the data controller is Airbnb Payments Luxembourg S.A.: Airbnb Payments Luxembourg S.A., 4, rue Henri Schnadt, L-2530 Luxembourg.     