Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.bloglovin.com/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: personal, link, bitly, privacy, links, access, services, account, party, policy, information

Reduced Policy:   You have the following rights with respect to the personal data we hold about you:  The right to know what data we hold about you:If you have 
            registered with the Service, the easiest way to review the 
            personal data you have provided to the Service is to access your 
            profile and account settings on the “Settings” page of the Service. 
            On your settings page you can also make changes to the personal 
            data we hold about you. If you have additional questions regarding 
            the personal data we hold about you, please contact us atprivacy@bloglovin.com. 
            We seek to swiftly respond to your inquiry. We may charge a small 
            processing fee if less than twelve (12) months 
            has passed since your last inquiry relating to personal data 
            we hold about you.The right to have incomplete, incorrect, outdated, or unnecessary 
            personal data corrected, deleted, or updated.The easiest way to 
            correct, delete, or update the personal data you have provided to 
            the Service is to access your profile settings and enter the 
            necessary changes there. If you have additional questions regarding 
            the correction, deletion, or updating of the personal data we hold 
            about you, please contact us atprivacy@bloglovin.com.The right to opt out of receiving electronic direct marketing 
            communications from us:All electronic direct marketing 
            communications that you may receive from us, such as e-mail 
            messages, give you an option of not receiving such communications 
            from us in the future. If you have any additional questions about 
            electronic direct marketing received from us, please contact us atprivacy@bloglovin.com.    6. Data Security  The security of personal data is important to us. For example, your 
        user account is protected by a password, the servers we use are secured 
        and protected by a firewall, and we restrict access to personal data to 
        employees, contractors and agents who need to know such personal data 
        in order to operate, develop or improve the Service.  Even so, we cannot guarantee that your personal data are always secure 
        because data security measures in use from time to time may be 
        vulnerable. Consequently, please be mindful of the risks that personal 
        data about you may be exposed to when you use the Service.    7. International Transfers of Personal Data  If you are located in the European Union, please note that some of the 
        servers where the Service is hosted may be located in countries outside 
        the European Union. The laws applicable to the protection of personal 
        data in such countries may be different from your home country. By 
        registering with the Service, you consent to personal data about you 
        being transferred outside the European Union.    8. Children’s Privacy  The Service is not intended for users younger than thirteen (13) years 
        of age. We do not intend to collect any personal data from children 
        under thirteen (13) years of age.    9. Changes to the Privacy Policy  From time to time we may change this Privacy Policy. You can tell when 
        changes have been made to the Privacy Policy by referring to the "Last 
        Updated" legend on top of this page. If we materially change the ways 
        in which we use and disclose personal data, we will post a notice in 
        the Service and send an e-mail to our registered users. Your continued 
        use of the Service following any changes to this Privacy Policy 
        constitutes your acceptance of any such changes made.    10. Questions or Concerns?  Should you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, your 
        privacy as it relates to the use of the Service, or the protection of 
        the personal data we hold about you, please contact us atprivacy@bloglovin.com. We 
        seek to swiftly resolve any concerns you may have. 