Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.bloomberg.com/notices/privacy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: personal, link, bitly, privacy, links, access, services, account, party, policy, information

Reduced Policy:   Depending on the jurisdiction, you may have the right to access, correct, delete, or restrict use of certain personal information covered by this Privacy Policy. Depending on the jurisdiction, you may also have the right to request that we refrain from processing personal information. Please bear in mind that if you exercise such rights this may affect our ability to provide our products and services. For inquiries about your personal information, please contact us by clickinghere. While Bloomberg will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request, we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such requests, if allowed or required by applicable laws.  Please note that it may take some time to process your request, consistent with applicable law.   In addition, if you are a California resident, you may have the right, consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws to request:  certain information about our collection, use, sale, or disclosure of your personal informationdeletion of your personal information collected or maintained by usto opt-out of the sale of your personal information    You also have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights.  If you choose to exercise these rights, we ask you to provide sufficient information, including the products and services you have used in the past, your state and country of residence, and contact information, in order for us to verify your identity and process your request. Depending on the types of requests, additional information may be requested.  You may use an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf related to your personal information. If you choose to use an authorized agent, you should supply your agent with written permission to act on your behalf in relation to your request, and your agent must provide us with proof of such authorization before we process your request.  To exercise a right related to your personal information, please contact us by clickinghere. Bloomberg may share  personal information related to tailored advertising, including online identifier, Internet Protocol address, and Internet or other electronic network activity information, with third parties in ways that may constitute a “sale” under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. You may adjust your preferences related to tailored advertising by using the designated tool within Bloomberg digital properties or by selecting the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” option in thisform.    If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by Bloomberg L.P. to its affiliates and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes.    To make such a request, please send an email with your first name, last name, mailing address, email address and telephone number toprivacy@bloomberg.com. Please include “California Privacy Rights” in the Subject line of your email.    You may also make such a request by writing to us at:Bloomberg L.P.Attn: Legal Department731 Lexington AvenueNew York, NY 10022   