Title: Legal Policies and Procedures
URL: https://buffer.com/legal
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: terms, procedures, legal, account, content, data, policies, buffer, personal, information, service, privacy, policy

Reduced Policy:  The Service is owned and operated by Buffer. The visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, data, computer code (including source code or object code), products, software, services, templates, and all other elements of the Service (“Materials”) provided by Buffer are protected by intellectual property and other laws. All Materials included in the Service are the property of Buffer or its third party licensors. Except as expressly authorized by Buffer, you may not make use of the Materials. Buffer reserves all rights to the Materials not granted expressly in these Terms. 7. Third Party Terms 7.1 Third Party Services and Linked WebsitesBuffer provides tools through the Service that enable you to import and export information, including User Content, to and from third party services, including through features that allow you to link your account on Buffer with an account on a third party social network service, such as Twitter or Facebook. By using one of these tools, you agree that Buffer may transfer that information to and from the applicable third party service. Third party services are not under Buffer’s control, and Buffer is not responsible for any third party service’s use of your exported information. The Service may also contain links to third party websites. Linked websites are not under Buffer’s control, and Buffer is not responsible for their content.7.2 Third Party SoftwareThe Service may include or incorporate third party software components that are generally available free of charge under licenses granting recipients broad rights to copy, modify, and distribute those components (“Third Party Components”). Although the Service is provided to you subject to these Terms, nothing in these Terms prevents, restricts, or is intended to prevent or restrict you from obtaining Third Party Components under the applicable third party licenses or to limit your use of Third Party Components under those third party licenses. 8. User Content 8.1 User Content GenerallyCertain features of the Service may permit users to upload content to the Service, including social media posts and other content which may be comprised of messages, reviews, photos, video, images, data, text, and other types of works (“User Content”) and to publish User Content on the Service.You retain any copyright and other proprietary rights that you may hold in the User Content that you post to the Service.Nevertheless, we need certain permission from you in order to provide the Service.8.2 Limited License Grant to BufferBy providing User Content to or via the Service, you grant Buffer a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid right and license (with the right to sublicense) to host, store, transfer, display, perform, reproduce, modify for the purpose of formatting for display, and distribute your User Content, in whole or in part, in any media formats and through any media channels now known or hereafter developed.8.3 Limited License Grant to Other UsersBy providing User Content to or via the Service to other users of the Service, you grant those users a non-exclusive license to access and use that User Content as permitted by these Terms and the functionality of the Service.8.4 User Content Representations and WarrantiesBuffer disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Content. You are solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences of providing User Content via the Service. By providing User Content via the Service, you affirm, represent, and warrant that:a) you are the creator and owner of the User Content, or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to authorize Buffer and users of the Service to use and distribute your User Content as necessary to exercise the licenses granted by you in this Section, in the manner contemplated by Buffer, the Service, and these Terms;b) your User Content, and the use of your User Content as contemplated by these Terms, does not and will not: (i) infringe, violate, or misappropriate any third party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; (ii) slander, defame, libel, or invade the right of privacy, publicity or other property rights of any other person; or (iii) cause Buffer to violate any law or regulation; andc) your User Content could not be deemed by a reasonable person to be objectionable, profane, indecent, pornographic, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, hateful, or otherwise inappropriate.d) your User Content does not and will not contain Hateful Content, a Threat of Physical Harm, or HarassmentThe following serves as a guide to help illustrate generally the types of content that fall within the scope of Buffer’s policy on Hateful Content, Threats of Physical Harm, and Harassment, but is not exhaustive. This Section 8.4(d) does not limit any of our other rights or remedies provided herein. For the avoidance of doubt, your User Content may not include, and Buffer may remove or refuse to publish or promote any User Content that violates the terms or policies of any third party platform with which Buffer’s Services integrate or interoperate.Hateful Content includes:Any statement, image, photograph, or other content that in our sole judgment could be reasonably perceived to harm, threaten, demean, promote the harassment of, promote the intimidation of, or promote the abuse of others for any reason, including by reason of race, gender or gender identity, national origin, sexual orientation, religion, or otherwise.A Threat of Physical Harm includes:Any statement, photograph, advertisement, or other content that in our sole judgment could be reasonably perceived to threaten, advocate, or incite physical harm to or violence against others, including references to current or historical figures or groups that are known for purporting such content, such as the Ku Klux Klan, Nazi Party, and the like.Harassment includes:Revealing someone’s personal information, also known as “doxxing”.Online stalking, and bullying.Wishes for physical harm directed at a person or persons.Incitement of others to any of the previous items.We reserve the right to suspend or terminate accounts and remove individual posts which contain Hateful Content, a Threat of Physical Harm, or Harassment.We also may suspend or terminate your account if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you are either:An organization which has publicly stated or acknowledged that its goals, objectives, positions, or founding tenets include statements or principles that could be reasonably perceived to advocate, encourage, or sponsor Hateful Content, Harassment, or A Threat of Physical Harm.A person or organization that has acted in such a way as could be reasonably perceived to support, condone, encourage, or represent Hateful Content, Harassment, or A Threat of Physical Harm.Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to screen, remove, edit, or block any User Content we find in violation of the Terms or that we find, in our sole discretion to be otherwise objectionable, at our sole discretion.8.5 User Content DisclaimerWe are under no obligation to edit or control User Content that you or other users post or publish, and will not be in any way responsible or liable for User Content. Buffer may, however, at any time and without prior notice, screen, remove, edit, or block any User Content that in our sole judgment violates these Terms or is otherwise objectionable. You understand that when using the Service you will be exposed to User Content from a variety of sources and acknowledge that User Content may be inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable. You agree to waive, and do waive, any legal or equitable right or remedy you have or may have against Buffer with respect to User Content. If notified by a user or content owner that User Content allegedly does not conform to these Terms, we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove the User Content, which we reserve the right to do at any time and without notice. For clarity, Buffer does not permit copyright-infringing activities on the Service.8.6 Monitoring ContentBuffer does not control and does not have any obligation to monitor: (a) User Content; (ii) any content made available by third parties; or (iii) the use of the Service by its users. You acknowledge and agree that Buffer reserves the right to, and may from time to time, monitor any and all information transmitted or received through the Service for operational and other purposes. If at any time Buffer chooses to monitor the content, Buffer still assumes no responsibility or liability for content or any loss or damage incurred as a result of the use of content. During monitoring, information may be examined, recorded, copied, and used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. 9. Prohibited Conduct BY USING THE SERVICE YOU AGREE NOT TO: use the Service for any illegal purpose or in violation of any local, state, national, or international law;violate, or encourage others to violate, any right of a third party, including by infringing or misappropriating any third party intellectual property right;interfere with security-related features of the Service, including by: (i) disabling or circumventing features that prevent or limit use or copying of any content; (ii) reverse engineering or otherwise attempting to discover the source code of any portion of the Service except to the extent that the activity is expressly permitted by applicable law; or (iii) hacking, password “mining” or using any other illegitimate means of interference;modify or create derivatives of any part of the Service;interfere with the operation of the Service or any user’s enjoyment of the Service, including by: (i) uploading or otherwise disseminating any virus, adware, spyware, worm, or other malicious code; (ii) making any unsolicited offer or advertisement to another user of the Service; (iii) collecting personal information about another user or third party without consent; or (iv) interfering with or disrupting any network, equipment, or server connected to or used to provide the Service;perform any fraudulent activity including impersonating any person or entity, claiming a false affiliation, accessing any other Service account without permission, or falsifying your age or date of birth;take action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Service of Buffer’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Service or Buffer;sell or otherwise transfer the access granted under these Terms or any Materials (as defined in Section 6) or any right or ability to view, access, or use any Materials; orattempt to do any of the acts described in this Section 9 or assist or permit any person in engaging in any of the acts described in this Section 9. 10. Digital Millennium Copyright Act 10.1 DMCA NotificationWe comply with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act applicable to Internet service providers (17 U.S.C. §512, as amended). If you have an intellectual property rights-related complaint about material posted on the Service, you may contact our Designated Agent at the following address:Buffer, Inc.ATTN: Legal Department (Copyright Notification)2443 Fillmore Street #380-7163San Francisco, CA 94115Email:copyright@buffer.comAny notice alleging that materials hosted by or distributed through the Service infringe intellectual property rights must include the following information:an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other right being infringed;a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;a description of the material that you claim is infringing and where it is located on the Service;your address, telephone number, and email address;a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of the materials on the Service of which you are complaining is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; anda statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate and that, under penalty of perjury, you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.10.2 Repeat InfringersIt is Buffer’s policy to promptly terminate the accounts of users that are determined by Buffer to be repeat infringers. 11. Modification of these Terms We reserve the right to change these Terms on a going-forward basis at any time. Please check these Terms periodically for changes. Modifications will become effective upon the earlier of (a) your acceptance of the modified Terms, (b) your use of the Service with actual knowledge of the modified Terms, or (c) thirty (30) days following our publication of the modified Terms through the Service. Except as expressly permitted in this Section 11, these Terms may be amended only by a written agreement signed by authorized representatives of the parties to these Terms. Disputes arising under these Terms will be resolved in accordance with the version of these Terms that was in effect at the time the dispute arose. 12. Term, Termination and Modification of the Service 12.1 TermThese Terms are effective beginning when you accept the Terms or first download, install, access, or use the Service, and ending when terminated as described in Section 12.2.12.2 TerminationIf you violate any provision of these Terms, your authorization to access the Service and these Terms automatically terminate. In addition, Buffer may, at its sole discretion, terminate these Terms or your account on the Service, or suspend or terminate your access to the Service, at any time for any reason or no reason, with or without notice. You may terminate your account and these Terms at any time as provided in Section 4.3 or by contacting customer service athello@buffer.com.12.3 Effect of TerminationUpon termination of these Terms: (a) your license rights will terminate and you must immediately cease all use of the Service; (b) you will no longer be authorized to access your account or the Service; (c) you must pay Buffer any unpaid amount that was due prior to termination; and (d) all payment obligations accrued prior to termination and Sections 5.3, 6, 12.3, 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17 will survive.12.4 Modification of the ServiceBuffer reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service at any time (including by limiting or discontinuing certain features of the Service), temporarily or permanently, without notice to you. Buffer will have no liability for any change to the Service or any suspension or termination of your access to or use of the Service. Premium service fees are not refundable. 13. Indemnity You are responsible for your use of the Service, and you will defend and indemnify Buffer and its officers, directors, employees, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries and agents (together, the “BufferEntities”) from and against every claim brought by a third party, and any related liability, damage, loss, and expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of or connected with: (a) your use of, or misuse of, the Service; (b) your violation of any portion of these Terms, any representation, warranty, or agreement referenced in these Terms, or any applicable law or regulation; (c) your violation of any third party right, including any intellectual property right or publicity, confidentiality, other property, or privacy right; or (d) any dispute or issue between you and any third party. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you (without limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to that matter), and in that case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of those claims. 14. Disclaimers; No Warranties THE SERVICE AND ALL MATERIALS AND CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND ON AN “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. BUFFER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, RELATING TO THE SERVICE AND ALL MATERIALS AND CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE, INCLUDING: (A) ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT; AND (B) ANY WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE. BUFFERDOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE OR ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE, OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT OFFERED THROUGH THE SERVICE, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR FREE OF ERRORS, VIRUSES, OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, AND BUFFER DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY OF THOSE ISSUES WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM THE SERVICE OR BUFFER ENTITIES OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY REGARDING ANY OF THE BUFFER ENTITIES OR THE SERVICE THAT IS NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE THAT MAY RESULT FROM THE SERVICE AND YOUR DEALING WITH ANY OTHER SERVICE USER. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU USE ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND THAT WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR PROPERTY (INCLUDING YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR MOBILE DEVICE USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE) OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, INCLUDING USER CONTENT. HOWEVER, BUFFER DOES NOT DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTY OR OTHER RIGHT THAT BUFFER IS PROHIBITED FROM DISCLAIMING UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. 15. Limitation of Liability TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE BUFFER ENTITIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, OR ANY OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF, OR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE, THE SERVICE OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT ON THE SERVICE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STATUTE, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT ANY BUFFER ENTITY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 16.4(iii) AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE BUFFER ENTITIES TO YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR ANY INABILITY TO USE ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE OR OTHERWISE UNDER THESE TERMS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF: (A) THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO BUFFER FOR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENT OR CIRCUMSTANCE GIVING RISE TO CLAIM; OR (B) $100. EACH PROVISION OF THESE TERMS THAT PROVIDES FOR A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, OR EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES IS INTENDED TO AND DOES ALLOCATE THE RISKS BETWEEN THE PARTIES UNDER THESE TERMS. THIS ALLOCATION IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES. EACH OF THESE PROVISIONS IS SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF ALL OTHER PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION 15 WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. 16. Dispute Resolution and Arbitration 16.1 GenerallyIn the interest of resolving disputes between you and Buffer in the most expedient and cost effective manner, and except as described in Section 16.2, you and Buffer agree that every dispute arising in connection with these Terms will be resolved by binding arbitration. Arbitration is less formal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, may allow for more limited discovery than in court, and can be subject to very limited review by courts. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. This agreement to arbitrate disputes includes all claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of these Terms, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and regardless of whether a claim arises during or after the termination of these Terms. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND BUFFER ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.16.2 ExceptionsDespite the provisions of Section 16.1, nothing in these Terms will be deemed to waive, preclude, or otherwise limit the right of either party to: (a) bring an individual action in small claims court; (b) pursue an enforcement action through the applicable federal, state, or local agency if that action is available; (c) seek injunctive relief in a court of law in aid of arbitration; or (d) to file suit in a court of law to address an intellectual property infringement claim.16.3 ArbitratorAny arbitration between you and Buffer will be settled under the Federal Arbitration Act and administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (collectively, “AAA Rules”) as modified by these Terms. The AAA Rules and filing forms are available online atwww.adr.org, by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879, or by contacting Buffer. The arbitrator has exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this binding arbitration agreement.16.4 Notice of Arbitration; ProcessA party who intends to seek arbitration must first send a written notice of the dispute to the other party by certified U.S. Mail or by Federal Express (signature required) or, only if that other party has not provided a current physical address, then by electronic mail (“Notice of Arbitration”). Buffer’s address for Notice is: Buffer, Inc., 2443 Fillmore Street #380-7163, San Francisco, CA 94115. The Notice of Arbitration must: (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (b) set forth the specific relief sought (“Demand”). The parties will make good faith efforts to resolve the claim directly, but if the parties do not reach an agreement to do so within 30 days after the Notice of Arbitration is received, you or Buffer may commence an arbitration proceeding. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by you or Buffer must not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator makes a final decision and award, if any. If the dispute is finally resolved through arbitration in your favor, Buffer will pay you the highest of the following: (i) the amount awarded by the arbitrator, if any; (ii) the last written settlement amount offered by Buffer in settlement of the dispute prior to the arbitrator’s award; or (iii) $10,000.16.5 FeesIf you commence arbitration in accordance with these Terms, Buffer will reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for more than $10,000, in which case the payment of any fees will be decided by the AAA Rules. Any arbitration hearing will take place at a location to be agreed upon in Santa Clara County, California, but if the claim is for $10,000 or less, you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted: (a) solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator; (b) through a non-appearance based telephone hearing; or (c) by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules in the county (or parish) of your billing address. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. In that case, you agree to reimburse Buffer for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator must issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and award, if any, are based. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees or expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator’s ruling on the merits.16.6 No Class ActionsYOU AND BUFFER AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, unless both you and Buffer agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.16.7 Modifications to this Arbitration ProvisionIf Buffer makes any future change to this arbitration provision, other than a change to Buffer’s address for Notice of Arbitration, you may reject the change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to Buffer’s address for Notice of Arbitration, in which case your account with Buffer will be immediately terminated and this arbitration provision, as in effect immediately prior to the changes you rejected will survive.16.8 EnforceabilityIf Section 16.6 is found to be unenforceable or if the entirety of this Section 16 is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Section 16 will be null and void and, in that case, the parties agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue described in Section 17.1 will govern any action arising out of or related to these Terms. 17. General Terms These Terms, together with the Privacy Policy and any other agreements expressly incorporated by reference into these Terms, are the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between you and Buffer regarding your use of the Service. You may not assign or transfer these Terms or your rights under these Terms, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent. We may assign these Terms at any time without notice or consent. The failure to require performance of any provision will not affect our right to require performance at any other time after that, nor will a waiver by us of any breach or default of these Terms, or any provision of these Terms, be a waiver of any subsequent breach or default or a waiver of the provision itself. Use of section headers in these Terms is for convenience only and will not have any impact on the interpretation of any provision. Throughout these Terms the use of the word “including” means “including but not limited to”. If any part of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the unenforceable part will be given effect to the greatest extent possible, and the remaining parts will remain in full force and effect.17.1 Governing LawThese Terms are governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to conflict of law principles. You and Buffer submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts and federal courts located within Santa Clara County, California for resolution of any lawsuit or court proceeding permitted under these Terms.17.2 Consent to Electronic CommunicationsBy using the Service, you consent to receiving certain electronic communications from us as further described in our Privacy Policy. Please read our Privacy Policy to learn more about our electronic communications practices. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that those communications be in writing.17.3 Contact InformationThe Service is offered by Buffer, Inc. located at 2443 Fillmore Street #380-7163, San Francisco, CA 94115. You may contact us by sending correspondence to that address or by emailing us athello@buffer.com. You can access a copy of these Terms by clicking here:buffer.com/legal#terms17.4 Notice to California ResidentsIf you are a California resident, under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 in order to resolve a complaint regarding the Service or to receive further information regarding use of the Service.17.5 International UseAccess to the Service from countries or territories or by individuals where such access is illegal is prohibited 10.1 DMCA NotificationWe comply with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act applicable to Internet service providers (17 U.S.C. §512, as amended). If you have an intellectual property rights-related complaint about material posted on the Service, you may contact our Designated Agent at the following address:Buffer, Inc.ATTN: Legal Department (Copyright Notification)2443 Fillmore Street #380-7163San Francisco, CA 94115Email:copyright@buffer.comAny notice alleging that materials hosted by or distributed through the Service infringe intellectual property rights must include the following information:an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other right being infringed;a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;a description of the material that you claim is infringing and where it is located on the Service;your address, telephone number, and email address;a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of the materials on the Service of which you are complaining is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; anda statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate and that, under penalty of perjury, you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.10.2 Repeat InfringersIt is Buffer’s policy to promptly terminate the accounts of users that are determined by Buffer to be repeat infringers. 11. Modification of these Terms We reserve the right to change these Terms on a going-forward basis at any time. Please check these Terms periodically for changes. Modifications will become effective upon the earlier of (a) your acceptance of the modified Terms, (b) your use of the Service with actual knowledge of the modified Terms, or (c) thirty (30) days following our publication of the modified Terms through the Service. Except as expressly permitted in this Section 11, these Terms may be amended only by a written agreement signed by authorized representatives of the parties to these Terms. Disputes arising under these Terms will be resolved in accordance with the version of these Terms that was in effect at the time the dispute arose. 12. Term, Termination and Modification of the Service 12.1 TermThese Terms are effective beginning when you accept the Terms or first download, install, access, or use the Service, and ending when terminated as described in Section 12.2.12.2 TerminationIf you violate any provision of these Terms, your authorization to access the Service and these Terms automatically terminate. In addition, Buffer may, at its sole discretion, terminate these Terms or your account on the Service, or suspend or terminate your access to the Service, at any time for any reason or no reason, with or without notice. You may terminate your account and these Terms at any time as provided in Section 4.3 or by contacting customer service athello@buffer.com.12.3 Effect of TerminationUpon termination of these Terms: (a) your license rights will terminate and you must immediately cease all use of the Service; (b) you will no longer be authorized to access your account or the Service; (c) you must pay Buffer any unpaid amount that was due prior to termination; and (d) all payment obligations accrued prior to termination and Sections 5.3, 6, 12.3, 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17 will survive.12.4 Modification of the ServiceBuffer reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service at any time (including by limiting or discontinuing certain features of the Service), temporarily or permanently, without notice to you. Buffer will have no liability for any change to the Service or any suspension or termination of your access to or use of the Service. Premium service fees are not refundable. 13. Indemnity You are responsible for your use of the Service, and you will defend and indemnify Buffer and its officers, directors, employees, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries and agents (together, the “BufferEntities”) from and against every claim brought by a third party, and any related liability, damage, loss, and expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of or connected with: (a) your use of, or misuse of, the Service; (b) your violation of any portion of these Terms, any representation, warranty, or agreement referenced in these Terms, or any applicable law or regulation; (c) your violation of any third party right, including any intellectual property right or publicity, confidentiality, other property, or privacy right; or (d) any dispute or issue between you and any third party. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you (without limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to that matter), and in that case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of those claims. 14. Disclaimers; No Warranties THE SERVICE AND ALL MATERIALS AND CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND ON AN “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. BUFFER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, RELATING TO THE SERVICE AND ALL MATERIALS AND CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE, INCLUDING: (A) ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT; AND (B) ANY WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE. BUFFERDOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE OR ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE, OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT OFFERED THROUGH THE SERVICE, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR FREE OF ERRORS, VIRUSES, OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, AND BUFFER DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY OF THOSE ISSUES WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM THE SERVICE OR BUFFER ENTITIES OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY REGARDING ANY OF THE BUFFER ENTITIES OR THE SERVICE THAT IS NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE THAT MAY RESULT FROM THE SERVICE AND YOUR DEALING WITH ANY OTHER SERVICE USER. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU USE ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND THAT WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR PROPERTY (INCLUDING YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR MOBILE DEVICE USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE) OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, INCLUDING USER CONTENT. HOWEVER, BUFFER DOES NOT DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTY OR OTHER RIGHT THAT BUFFER IS PROHIBITED FROM DISCLAIMING UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. 15. Limitation of Liability TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE BUFFER ENTITIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, OR ANY OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF, OR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE, THE SERVICE OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT ON THE SERVICE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STATUTE, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT ANY BUFFER ENTITY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 16.4(iii) AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE BUFFER ENTITIES TO YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR ANY INABILITY TO USE ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE OR OTHERWISE UNDER THESE TERMS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF: (A) THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO BUFFER FOR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENT OR CIRCUMSTANCE GIVING RISE TO CLAIM; OR (B) $100. EACH PROVISION OF THESE TERMS THAT PROVIDES FOR A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, OR EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES IS INTENDED TO AND DOES ALLOCATE THE RISKS BETWEEN THE PARTIES UNDER THESE TERMS. THIS ALLOCATION IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES. EACH OF THESE PROVISIONS IS SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF ALL OTHER PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION 15 WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. 16. Dispute Resolution and Arbitration 16.1 GenerallyIn the interest of resolving disputes between you and Buffer in the most expedient and cost effective manner, and except as described in Section 16.2, you and Buffer agree that every dispute arising in connection with these Terms will be resolved by binding arbitration. Arbitration is less formal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, may allow for more limited discovery than in court, and can be subject to very limited review by courts. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. This agreement to arbitrate disputes includes all claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of these Terms, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and regardless of whether a claim arises during or after the termination of these Terms. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND BUFFER ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.16.2 ExceptionsDespite the provisions of Section 16.1, nothing in these Terms will be deemed to waive, preclude, or otherwise limit the right of either party to: (a) bring an individual action in small claims court; (b) pursue an enforcement action through the applicable federal, state, or local agency if that action is available; (c) seek injunctive relief in a court of law in aid of arbitration; or (d) to file suit in a court of law to address an intellectual property infringement claim.16.3 ArbitratorAny arbitration between you and Buffer will be settled under the Federal Arbitration Act and administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (collectively, “AAA Rules”) as modified by these Terms. The AAA Rules and filing forms are available online atwww.adr.org, by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879, or by contacting Buffer. The arbitrator has exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this binding arbitration agreement.16.4 Notice of Arbitration; ProcessA party who intends to seek arbitration must first send a written notice of the dispute to the other party by certified U.S. Mail or by Federal Express (signature required) or, only if that other party has not provided a current physical address, then by electronic mail (“Notice of Arbitration”). Buffer’s address for Notice is: Buffer, Inc., 2443 Fillmore Street #380-7163, San Francisco, CA 94115. The Notice of Arbitration must: (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (b) set forth the specific relief sought (“Demand”). The parties will make good faith efforts to resolve the claim directly, but if the parties do not reach an agreement to do so within 30 days after the Notice of Arbitration is received, you or Buffer may commence an arbitration proceeding. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by you or Buffer must not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator makes a final decision and award, if any. If the dispute is finally resolved through arbitration in your favor, Buffer will pay you the highest of the following: (i) the amount awarded by the arbitrator, if any; (ii) the last written settlement amount offered by Buffer in settlement of the dispute prior to the arbitrator’s award; or (iii) $10,000.16.5 FeesIf you commence arbitration in accordance with these Terms, Buffer will reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for more than $10,000, in which case the payment of any fees will be decided by the AAA Rules. Any arbitration hearing will take place at a location to be agreed upon in Santa Clara County, California, but if the claim is for $10,000 or less, you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted: (a) solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator; (b) through a non-appearance based telephone hearing; or (c) by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules in the county (or parish) of your billing address. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. In that case, you agree to reimburse Buffer for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator must issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and award, if any, are based. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees or expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator’s ruling on the merits.16.6 No Class ActionsYOU AND BUFFER AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, unless both you and Buffer agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.16.7 Modifications to this Arbitration ProvisionIf Buffer makes any future change to this arbitration provision, other than a change to Buffer’s address for Notice of Arbitration, you may reject the change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to Buffer’s address for Notice of Arbitration, in which case your account with Buffer will be immediately terminated and this arbitration provision, as in effect immediately prior to the changes you rejected will survive.16.8 EnforceabilityIf Section 16.6 is found to be unenforceable or if the entirety of this Section 16 is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Section 16 will be null and void and, in that case, the parties agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue described in Section 17.1 will govern any action arising out of or related to these Terms. 17. General Terms These Terms, together with the Privacy Policy and any other agreements expressly incorporated by reference into these Terms, are the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between you and Buffer regarding your use of the Service. You may not assign or transfer these Terms or your rights under these Terms, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent. We may assign these Terms at any time without notice or consent. The failure to require performance of any provision will not affect our right to require performance at any other time after that, nor will a waiver by us of any breach or default of these Terms, or any provision of these Terms, be a waiver of any subsequent breach or default or a waiver of the provision itself. Use of section headers in these Terms is for convenience only and will not have any impact on the interpretation of any provision. Throughout these Terms the use of the word “including” means “including but not limited to”. If any part of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the unenforceable part will be given effect to the greatest extent possible, and the remaining parts will remain in full force and effect.17.1 Governing LawThese Terms are governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to conflict of law principles. You and Buffer submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts and federal courts located within Santa Clara County, California for resolution of any lawsuit or court proceeding permitted under these Terms.17.2 Consent to Electronic CommunicationsBy using the Service, you consent to receiving certain electronic communications from us as further described in our Privacy Policy. Please read our Privacy Policy to learn more about our electronic communications practices. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that those communications be in writing.17.3 Contact InformationThe Service is offered by Buffer, Inc. located at 2443 Fillmore Street #380-7163, San Francisco, CA 94115. You may contact us by sending correspondence to that address or by emailing us athello@buffer.com. You can access a copy of these Terms by clicking here:buffer.com/legal#terms17.4 Notice to California ResidentsIf you are a California resident, under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 in order to resolve a complaint regarding the Service or to receive further information regarding use of the Service.17.5 International UseAccess to the Service from countries or territories or by individuals where such access is illegal is prohibited If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. You may also opt out from receiving commercial email from us by sending your request to us by email athello@buffer.com. Please be aware that, even after you opt out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding the Service. In certain jurisdictions you have the right to request access and receive information about the Personal Information we maintain about you, to update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, to restrict or object to the processing of your Personal Information, to have the information blocked, anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, or to exercise your right to data portability to transfer your Personal Information to another company. Those rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements. For example, California residents can refer to the separate California Resident Privacy Notice to learn more about their California privacy rights. In addition to the above-mentioned rights, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority subject to applicable law. Where required by law, we obtain your consent for the processing of certain Personal Information collected by cookies or similar technologies, or used to send you direct marketing communications, or when we carry out other processing activities for which consent may be required. If we rely on consent for the processing of your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw it at any time and free of charge. When you do so, this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal. To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists, delete your account or submit a request to exercise your rights under applicable law, please contact us as specified in the “How to Contact Us” section below. 7. Data transfers Buffer is based in the United States. Personal Information that we collect may be transferred to, and stored at, any of our affiliates, partners or service providers which may be inside or outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and Switzerland, including the United States. By submitting your personal data, you agree to such transfers. Your Personal Information may be transferred to countries that do not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer or disclose your Personal Information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy. Individuals Located in the EEA or SwitzerlandIf you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, we comply with applicable legal requirements for the transfer of Personal Information to countries outside of the EEA, the United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland. In particular, Buffer has filed its certification of adherence to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce and the European Commission, and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, respectively, with respect to the processing of certain Personal Information transferred from the EEA, the United Kingdom and Switzerland to Buffer. For additional details on our compliance with the EU-US privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework please visit:https://buffer.com/privacy-shield. Buffer has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visithttps://www.privacyshield.gov/. In addition, we may enter into Standard Contractual Clauses issued by the European Commission with our commercial customers where appropriate. 8. Children's privacy The Site is not directed to persons under 16. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us athello@buffer.com. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 16. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files. 9. Updates to this Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason; each version will apply to information collected while it was in place. We will notify you of any modifications to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on our Site and indicating the date of the latest revision. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. In the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. For example, we may send a message to your email address or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you access the Service for the first time after such material changes are made. Your continued use of the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of this Privacy Policy. 10. Your California privacy rights California law affords California residents certain additional rights regarding our collection and use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, please visit ourPrivacy Notice for California Residents. 11. How to contact us Buffer Inc. is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information. If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to exercise your rights to your Personal Information, you may contact us by emailing us athello@buffer.comor by writing to us at: Buffer Inc2443 Fillmore St #380-7163San Francisco, CA 94115 This Privacy Policy is effective as ofAugust 6, 2018. If you have any thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy pleaselet us know. California law affords California residents certain additional rights regarding our collection and use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, please visit ourPrivacy Notice for California Residents. 11. How to contact us Buffer Inc. is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information. If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to exercise your rights to your Personal Information, you may contact us by emailing us athello@buffer.comor by writing to us at: Buffer Inc2443 Fillmore St #380-7163San Francisco, CA 94115 This Privacy Policy is effective as ofAugust 6, 2018. If you have any thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy pleaselet us know. If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following rights. Right to Know and Access.You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the: (1) categories of Personal Information collected, sold, or disclosed by us; (2) purposes for which categories of Personal Information are collected or sold by us; (3) categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information; and (4) specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you during the past twelve months. Right to Delete.Subject to certain exceptions, you may submit a verifiable request that we delete Personal Information about you that we have collected from you. Verification.Requests for access to or deletion of Personal Information are subject to our ability to reasonably verify your identity in light of the information requested and pursuant to relevant CCPA requirements, limitations, and regulations. To verify your access or deletion request, please provide us with the email address associated with your Buffer account and the last 4 four digits and expiration date of the payment card that’s linked to the Buffer account. If you are a non-paying customer please provide us with the email address associated with your Buffer account and the phone number used for two-step authentication. Right to Equal Service and Price.You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your CCPA privacy rights, subject to certain limitations. Shine the Light.You may request information once per calendar year about our disclosures of certain categories of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us in writing using the Contact Information section below. Submit Requests.To exercise your rights under the CCPA, please contact us by email atprivacy@buffer.comor write to us at the following address: Buffer Inc2443 Fillmore St #380-7163San Francisco, CA 94115  Authorizing an Agent:To authorize an agent to make a request to know or delete on your behalf, please send a written authorization signed by you and the authorized agent to us viaprivacy@buffer.com. 5. Do Not Track There is no accepted standard on how to respond to Do Not Track signals, and we do not respond to such signals. 6. Contact Information If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, or you would like to exercise your privacy rights please email us atprivacy@buffer.com.com or write to us at: Buffer Inc2443 Fillmore St #380-7163San Francisco, CA 94115  Last updated: March 12, 2020 The parties agree and confirm their mutual intention that neither these Terms nor any of the terms of these Terms will be enforceable by any person or entity not a direct party to it. Notwithstanding that any term of these Terms may be or may become enforceable by a person who is not a party to these Terms, the terms and conditions of these Terms may be modified or amended, or these Terms may be suspended, cancelled, rescinded or terminated by the parties as provided in Section 19.3 without the consent of any such third party. 19. Miscellaneous. 19.1 Entire AgreementThese Terms constitute the entire and exclusive agreement between Buffer and You with respect to the API, the API Materials, and the Buffer Service and supersedes all prior agreements (whether written or oral) and other communications between Buffer and You with respect to the API Materials.19.2 No AssignmentYou will not, and will ensure that Your Contractors do not, delegate, transfer or assign these Terms or any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder (whether voluntarily, by operation of law, or otherwise) without Buffer’s prior written consent. Any attempted assignment, transfer or other delegation without such consent will be null and void and will constitute a material breach. Buffer may assign this agreement at any time without obtaining Your consent. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors, transferees, and assignees.19.3 AmendementExcept to the extent that Buffer is expressly precluded by applicable law, Buffer further reserves the right to make changes to these Terms by providing You with reasonable notice of the changes (e.g., which notice may be sent to You via e-mail at the address You provided during registration or posted on the Buffer developer website). You will be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any and all such changes. If You or Your Contractors continue to use any portion of the API and Buffer Service after notice of any changes has been provided or posted, You will be deemed to have accepted any and all such changes.19.4 InterpretationThe headings appearing at the beginning of the Articles and Sections contained in these Terms have been inserted for identification and reference purposes only and must not be used to construe or interpret these Terms. Whenever required by context, a singular number will include the plural, the plural number will include the singular, and the gender of any pronoun will include all genders. Any reference to any agreement, document, or instrument will mean such agreement, document, or instrument as amended or modified and in effect from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. Whenever the words “include,” “includes,” or “including” are used in these Terms, they will be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation.” Whenever the words “hereunder,” “hereof,” “hereto,” and words of similar import are used in these Terms, they will be deemed references to these Terms as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other provision hereof. The word “or” is used in the inclusive sense of “and/or.” The terms “or,” “any” and “either” are not exclusive.