Title: Creative Commons Privacy Policy
URL: https://creativecommons.org/privacy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: provide, andor, collect, including, privacy, creative, services, policy, commons, information

Reduced Policy:   You have various rights with respect to the collection and use of your information through the Services.  Those choices are as follows:  Email Unsubscribe – You may unsubscribe from our marketing emails at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each newsletter or by emailing legal@creativecommons.org with your request.Fundraising Analytics – You may opt out of CC’s fundraising analytics activities by contacting legal@creativecommons.org with your request.Account Preferences – If you have registered for an account with us through our Services, you can update your account information or adjust your email communications preferences by logging into your account and updating your settings.EU Data Subject Rights – Individuals in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and other jurisdictions have certain legal rights (subject to applicable exceptions and limitations) to obtain confirmation of whether we hold certain information about them, to access such information, and to obtain its correction or deletion in appropriate circumstances. You may have the right to object to our handling of your information, restrict our processing of your information, and to withdraw any consent you have provided. To exercise these rights, please email us at legal@creativecommons.org with the nature of your request. You also have the right to go directly to the relevant supervisory or legal authority, but we encourage you to contact us so that we may resolve your concerns directly as best and as promptly as we can.  8.     International Transfers  Our computer systems are currently based in the United States and the United Kingdom and the majority of our contractors are based in the United States or Canada. As described above in the “When We Disclose Your Information” section, we may share your information with trusted service providers or business partners in countries other than your country of residence, including the United States, in accordance with applicable law. This means that some of your information may be processed in the United States, which may not offer the same level of protection as the privacy laws of your jurisdiction. By providing us with your information, you acknowledge any such transfer, storage or use.  If we provide any information about you to any third parties information processors located outside of the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure such companies protect your information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy and other data protection laws to govern the transfers of such data.  9.     Security Measures  We have implemented technical, physical, and organizational security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and/or alteration of your information. These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect and store. However, we cannot and do not guarantee that these measures will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use, or disclose your information since despite our efforts, no Internet and/or other electronic transmissions can be completely secure.  10.  Children  The Services are intended for users over the age of 18 and are not directed at children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have collected personal information (as defined by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act) from children under the age of 13, or personal data (as defined by the EU GDPR) from children under the age of 16, we will take reasonable steps to delete it as soon as practicable.  11.  Data Retention  We retain the information we collect for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy or as long as we are legally required or permitted to do so. Information may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time.  12.  Third-Party Links and Services  The Services may contain links to third-party websites (e.g., social media sites like Facebook and Twitter), third-party plug-ins (e.g., the Facebook “like” button and Twitter “follow” button), and other services. If you choose to use these sites or features, you may disclose your information not just to those third-parties, but also to their users and the public more generally depending on how their services function. Creative Commons is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such third party websites or services. The collection, use and disclosure of your information will be subject to the privacy policies of the third party websites or services, and not this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every site you visit.  13.  Changes to this Privacy Policy  We will continue to evaluate this Privacy Policy as we update and expand our Services, and we may make changes to the Privacy Policy accordingly. We will post any changes here and revise the date last updated above. We encourage you to check this page periodically for updates to stay informed on how we collect, use and share your information. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with notice as required by law.  14.  Questions About this Privacy Policy  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, you can contact us at: legal@creativecommons.org.  The Creative Commons Privacy Policy is dedicated to the public domain under theCreative Commons CC0 Public Domain Dedication. You are free to use and adapt this Privacy Policy and any applicable Supplemental Privacy Policy Terms for your own purposes. However, please keep in mind that this Privacy Policy may not be completely suitable for your situation. Creative Commons strongly encourages you to seek the advice of your own attorney before repurposing this Privacy Policy on your own site.   