Title: Privacy & Cookies Policy (the 'Policy')
URL: https://dailymail.co.uk/privacy
Date of publishing: 2019-12-12 11:15:05+00:00
Keywords: personal, processing, advertising, privacy, data, services, basis, websites, policy, device, information, cookies

Reduced Policy:  This section of the Policy applies solely to visitors, users, and others who are residents of the State of California, describes your California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) rights and explains how you can exercise those rights. Under the CCPA you have the right to: •be informedabout the categories and the specific personal information that we may collect, the purposes for collecting that personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we may disclose that personal information and whether we disclose personal information for business purposes or for commercial purposes that would be considered a “sale” under the CCPA. This information is provided in this Policy; •request to access a copyof the personal information we have collected about you during the 12 months preceding the request. Upon receipt of a valid and verifiable request from you, we will disclose to you both the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information, the categories of third parties which whom we share that information. You have a right to receive the above twice per year. If we provide the information electronically, it will be in a in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows you to transmit the information to another entity without hindrance from us. •request that we deleteany personal information that we have collected from you unless retention of that information is permitted under applicable law •opt-out of the sale of your personal information You can opt-out of the sale of your personal information by opening ourCalifornia Privacy Settingstool and clicking on the “Do Not Sell my Info” button. This will opt-you out of cookie placement and the collection of your data by online advertising service providers.  Exercising Your Rights To exercise your rights under the CCPA, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below inSection 14, indicating the type of right you would like to exercise and that you are making the request under the CCPA. In case of requests for deletion, please note there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain certain data (seeSection 10 on Data and Account Deletion). Alternatively, you can make your request through the technical support option on ourContact Uspage. In order to process your deletion and/or access request, we are required by law to collect certain information about you to verify your identity. For example, if you have an account with us, you can use your account information to verify. If, however, we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request additional information from you, which shall only be used for the purposes of verifying your identity under the CCPA, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. A consumer may use an authorised agent to submit a request on their behalf if the consumer provides the authorised agent written permission signed by the consumer. We may also require that the consumer verify their identity directly with us and confirm that they have provided the authorised agent permission to act on their behalf. We shall not discriminate against you because you have exercised your rights under the CCPA. Explicit Notice We and our advertising partners collect personal information (such as the cookies stored on your browser, the advertising identifier on your mobile device, or the IP address of your device) when you visit our site or use our app. We, and our partners, use this information to tailor and deliver ads to you on our site or app, or to help tailor ads to you when you visit others' sites or use others' apps. To tailor ads that may be more relevant to you, we and/or our partners may share the information we collect with third parties. If you do not wish for us or our partners to use and disclose your personal information to third parties in this manner, which is considered a “sale” under the CCPA select the applicable control from the “Do Not Sell My Info” link provided. Please note that although we shall not sell your personal information after you click that button, we shall continue to share some personal information with our partners (who will function as our service providers in such instance) to help us perform advertising-related business functions such as, but not limited to: - measuring the effectiveness of our ads; - managing how many times you may see an ad; - reporting on the performance of our ads; - ensuring services are working correctly and securely; - providing aggregate statistics and analytics; - improving when and where you may see ads; and/or - reducing ad fraud. If you access this site or app from other devices or browsers, visit the link below from those devices or browsers to ensure your choice applies to the data collected when you use those devices or browsers. If you use different browsers, devices or platforms, you will need to opt out on each browser, device or platform. Additionally, although clicking the “Do Not Sell My Info” link will opt you out of the sale of your personal information for advertising purposes, it will not opt you out of the use of previously collected and sold personal information (except for personal information sold within 90 days prior to your exercising your right to opt out) or all interest-based advertising. If you would like more information about how to opt out of interest-based advertising in desktop and mobile browsers on a particular device, please follow the linkshereandhere. You may download the AppChoices apphereto opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out. Alternatively, you can make your request through the technical support option on ourContact Uspage. 