Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://discord.com/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: certain, policy, data, personal, services, provide, privacy, information, processing, discord, users
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:  We believe that users should be treated equally no matter where they are, and so we are making the following options to control your data available to all users, regardless of their location. You can update certain information by accessing your profile via “Settings.” You can also unsubscribe from certain emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” link they contain. You can opt out from certain cookie-related processing by following the instructions above in “Other Information.” Individuals in California, the European Economic Area, Canada, Costa Rica and some other jurisdictions outside the United States have certain legal rights to obtain confirmation of whether we hold personal data about them, to access personal data we hold about them (including, in some cases, in portable form), and to obtain its correction, update, amendment or deletion in appropriate circumstances. They may also object to our uses or disclosures of personal data, to request a restriction on its processing, or withdraw any consent, though such actions typically will not have retroactive effect. They also will not affect our ability to continue processing data in lawful ways. How can I access the personal data you have about me? If you would like to submit a data access request, you can do so from the “Settings” page of the Services, where there is a button to download your data. We will then start the process and provide you a link to access the personal data that Discord has on you within 30 days. How do I correct, update, amend, or delete the personal data you have about me? In addition to the functionality available through the “Settings” of the Services, in which you can correct, update, amend, or delete certain personal data, you can also request other modifications from us directly. Please write us atprivacy@discord.comwith the words “Personal Data Request” in the subject or body of your message, along with an explanation of what data subject right you are seeking to exercise. For your protection, we may take steps to verify identity before responding to your request. How do I object or restrict the manner in which Discord processes my personal data? You have a right to ask us to stop using or limit our use of your personal data in certain circumstances—for example, if we have no lawful basis to keep using your data, or if you think your personal data is inaccurate. Discord offers you the ability to restrict the processing of your data for specific uses, which you can find in the “Settings” page of the services. Individuals in the European Economic Area have the right to opt out of all of our processing of their personal data for direct marketing purposes. To exercise this right, please see the “Settings” page for your Account. You may also click the “unsubscribe” link in any of our marketing emails. The rights and options described above are subject to limitations and exceptions under applicable law. In addition to those rights, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority. However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern. EU-U.S. PRIVACY SHIELD AND SWISS-U.S. PRIVACY SHIELD Discord complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively.  Discord has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visithttps://www.privacyshield.gov/. Discord is potentially liable for onward transfers to third parties of personal data of EU or Swiss individuals received pursuant to Privacy Shield. Discord is subject to oversight by the U.S. FTC. JAMS is the US-based alternative dispute resolution provider responsible for reviewing and resolving complaints about Discord’s Privacy Shield compliance. We ask that you first submit any complaints to us atprivacy@discord.com. If you aren't satisfied with our response, you can then contact JAMS athttps://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield. In the event your concern still isn't addressed by JAMS, you may be entitled to a binding arbitration under Privacy Shield and its principles. WHO IS DISCORD’S EEA REPRESENTATIVE? We’ve appointed VeraSafe as Discord’s representative in the EEA for data protection matters, pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Economic Area.  You  can contact VeraSafe, in addition toprivacy@discord.com, only on matters related to the processing of personal data. To make such an inquiry, please contact VeraSafe using this contact form:https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contact-article-27-representativeor via telephone at +420 228 881 031. Alternatively, you can contact VeraSafe at:VeraSafe Ireland LtdUnit 3D North Point HouseNorth Point Business ParkNew Mallow RoadCork T23AT2PIreland YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Consumers residing in California are afforded certain additional rights with respect to their personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act or (“CCPA”) and the “Shine the Light” Law. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you. California Consumer Privacy Act Our Collection and Use of Personal Information: We collect the following categories of personal information: identifiers (such as your username, the email address you use to sign up, and your phone number, if you’ve chosen to provide it); commercial information (a record of what you’ve bought from Discord, if anything); financial data (payment information, if you’ve bought anything from Discord); internet or other network information (how you interact with the application); location information (because your IP address may indicate your general location); inference data about you; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you. For examples of the precise data points we collect and the sources of such collection, please see the “INFORMATION WE COLLECT” section above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in “OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION” above. Disclosure of Personal Information: We may share your personal information with third parties as described in the “OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION” section above. We disclose the categories of personal information mentioned above for business or commercial purposes. No Sale of Personal Information:  The CCPA sets forth certain obligations for businesses that sell personal information. We do not sell the personal information of our users. Exercising Your Consumer Rights: If you are a California resident, you have the right to request (1) more information about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the last 12 months, (2) deletion of your personal information, and (3) to opt out of sales of your personal information, if applicable.  Details on how to make these requests are in the “YOUR DATA RIGHTS AND CHOICES” section above. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA. Requests Received: We received the following number of data requests between June 20, 2019 and June 20, 2020: Number of North American requests to knowReceived: 105,531Completed: 101,391Incomplete (due to account deletion prior to completion or invalid email address): 4,140Average time to resolution: 5 days Number of worldwide requests to deleteReceived: 55,143Completed: 52,508Incomplete (due to incorrect email confirmation or non-existent email address): 2,635Average time to resolution: 3 days Number of requests to opt-outBecause Discord does not sell the personal information of our users to third parties, this is not applicable. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any information. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy. CONTACTING US Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Services. You may contact us as follows:privacy@discord.com. Consumers residing in California are afforded certain additional rights with respect to their personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act or (“CCPA”) and the “Shine the Light” Law. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you. California Consumer Privacy Act Our Collection and Use of Personal Information: We collect the following categories of personal information: identifiers (such as your username, the email address you use to sign up, and your phone number, if you’ve chosen to provide it); commercial information (a record of what you’ve bought from Discord, if anything); financial data (payment information, if you’ve bought anything from Discord); internet or other network information (how you interact with the application); location information (because your IP address may indicate your general location); inference data about you; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you. For examples of the precise data points we collect and the sources of such collection, please see the “INFORMATION WE COLLECT” section above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in “OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION” above. Disclosure of Personal Information: We may share your personal information with third parties as described in the “OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION” section above. We disclose the categories of personal information mentioned above for business or commercial purposes. No Sale of Personal Information:  The CCPA sets forth certain obligations for businesses that sell personal information. We do not sell the personal information of our users. Exercising Your Consumer Rights: If you are a California resident, you have the right to request (1) more information about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the last 12 months, (2) deletion of your personal information, and (3) to opt out of sales of your personal information, if applicable.  Details on how to make these requests are in the “YOUR DATA RIGHTS AND CHOICES” section above. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA. Requests Received: We received the following number of data requests between June 20, 2019 and June 20, 2020: Number of North American requests to knowReceived: 105,531Completed: 101,391Incomplete (due to account deletion prior to completion or invalid email address): 4,140Average time to resolution: 5 days Number of worldwide requests to deleteReceived: 55,143Completed: 52,508Incomplete (due to incorrect email confirmation or non-existent email address): 2,635Average time to resolution: 3 days Number of requests to opt-outBecause Discord does not sell the personal information of our users to third parties, this is not applicable. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any information. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy. CONTACTING US Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Services. You may contact us as follows:privacy@discord.com.