Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://dribbble.com/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: personal, provide, country, site, privacy, data, services, email, policy, information

Reduced Policy:   You have the right to access and edit your information at any time through the web interface provided as part of the Services. On written request and subject to proof of identity, you may access the personal information that we hold, used or communicated and ask that any necessary corrections be made, where applicable, as authorized or required by law. However, to make sure that the personal information we maintain about you is accurate and up to date, please inform us immediately of any change in your personal information by mail or e-mail.  Under the GDPR, you may be entitled to additional rights, including: (i) the right to withdraw consent to processing where consent is the basis of processing; (ii) the right to access your personal information and certain other supplementary information, under certain conditions; (iii) the right to object to unlawful data processing, under certain conditions; (iv) the right to erasure of personal information about you, under certain conditions; (v) the right to demand that we restrict processing of your personal information, under certain conditions, if you believe we have exceeded the legitimate basis for processing, processing is no longer necessary, are processing, or believe your personal information is inaccurate; (vi) the right to data portability of personal information concerning you that you provided us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, under certain conditions; (vii) the right object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you, under certain conditions; (viii) the right to lodge a complaint with data protection authorities. If you want to learn more about your rights under the GDPR, you can visit the European Commission’spage on Data Protection.  Your California Privacy Rights  California Civil Code Section §1798.83 permits users of the Site and/or Services who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to [email] with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you in your email address in response.  Aggregated Data  We may also use your personal information to generate Aggregated Data for internal use and for sharing with others on a selective basis. “Aggregated Data” means records which have been stripped of information potentially identifying users, and which have been manipulated or combined to provide generalized, anonymous information. Your identity and personal information will be kept anonymous in Aggregated Data.  Links  The Site and/or Services may contain links to other sites and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of linked sites. Their privacy policies and practices differ from our policies and practices.  Cookies and Log Files  We use cookies and log files to track user information. Cookies are small amounts of data that are transferred to your web browser by a web server and are stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to track which page variant a visitor has seen, to track if a visitor has clicked on a page variant, to monitor traffic patterns and to gauge popularity of service options. We will use this information to deliver relevant content and services to you.  Third Parties’ & Interest-Based Ads  We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website.  Change of Ownership or Business Transition  In the event of a change of ownership or other business transition, such as a merger, acquisition or sale of our assets, your information may be transferred in accordance with applicable privacy laws.  Security and Retention  We will strive to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, however, no data transmission over the Internet, by wireless device or over the air is guaranteed to be 100% secure. We have implemented and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices (based on the nature of the information we collect) to protect that information from unauthorized disclosure. We will continue to enhance security procedures as new technologies and procedures become available.  We strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone.  Please remember that you control what personal information you provide while using the Site and Services. Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your identification, passwords and/or any personal information in your possession for the use of the Site and/or Services. Always be careful and responsible regarding your personal information. We are not responsible for, and cannot control, the use by others of any information which you provide to them and you should use caution in selecting the personal information you provide to others through the Site or Services. Similarly, we cannot assume any responsibility for the content of any personal information or other information which you receive from other users through the Site or Services, and you release us from any and all liability in connection with the contents of any personal information or other information which you may receive using the Site or Services. We cannot guarantee, or assume any responsibility for verifying, the accuracy of the personal information or other information provided by any third party. You release us from any and all liability in connection with the use of such personal information or other information of others.  We will maintain your personal information for as long as they are needed, or as required by applicable laws, regulations, or government orders.  Changes to this Policy  We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do so, we will send an email to users subscribed to theCompany News list. We will also add a site banner alerting users who may not be subscribed. If the change materially effects the treatment of your personal data, and we have your email but you are not subscribed to the Company News list, we will send you an email. (You are responsible for ensuring that we have an up-to-date email for this purpose.)  Contact Us  If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or your personal information, to make an access or correction request, to exercise any applicable rights, to make a complaint, or to obtain information about our policies and practices with respect to any service providers outside Canada, our Privacy Officer (or Data Protection Officer) can be reached by mail or email using the following contact information: by email at privacy@dribbble.com or by mail at 524 Yates St., Victoria, BC, V8W 1K8, Canada.   California Civil Code Section §1798.83 permits users of the Site and/or Services who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to [email] with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you in your email address in response.  Aggregated Data  We may also use your personal information to generate Aggregated Data for internal use and for sharing with others on a selective basis. “Aggregated Data” means records which have been stripped of information potentially identifying users, and which have been manipulated or combined to provide generalized, anonymous information. Your identity and personal information will be kept anonymous in Aggregated Data.  Links  The Site and/or Services may contain links to other sites and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of linked sites. Their privacy policies and practices differ from our policies and practices.  Cookies and Log Files  We use cookies and log files to track user information. Cookies are small amounts of data that are transferred to your web browser by a web server and are stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to track which page variant a visitor has seen, to track if a visitor has clicked on a page variant, to monitor traffic patterns and to gauge popularity of service options. We will use this information to deliver relevant content and services to you.  Third Parties’ & Interest-Based Ads  We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website.  Change of Ownership or Business Transition  In the event of a change of ownership or other business transition, such as a merger, acquisition or sale of our assets, your information may be transferred in accordance with applicable privacy laws.  Security and Retention  We will strive to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, however, no data transmission over the Internet, by wireless device or over the air is guaranteed to be 100% secure. We have implemented and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices (based on the nature of the information we collect) to protect that information from unauthorized disclosure. We will continue to enhance security procedures as new technologies and procedures become available.  We strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone.  Please remember that you control what personal information you provide while using the Site and Services. Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your identification, passwords and/or any personal information in your possession for the use of the Site and/or Services. Always be careful and responsible regarding your personal information. We are not responsible for, and cannot control, the use by others of any information which you provide to them and you should use caution in selecting the personal information you provide to others through the Site or Services. Similarly, we cannot assume any responsibility for the content of any personal information or other information which you receive from other users through the Site or Services, and you release us from any and all liability in connection with the contents of any personal information or other information which you may receive using the Site or Services. We cannot guarantee, or assume any responsibility for verifying, the accuracy of the personal information or other information provided by any third party. You release us from any and all liability in connection with the use of such personal information or other information of others.  We will maintain your personal information for as long as they are needed, or as required by applicable laws, regulations, or government orders.  Changes to this Policy  We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do so, we will send an email to users subscribed to theCompany News list. We will also add a site banner alerting users who may not be subscribed. If the change materially effects the treatment of your personal data, and we have your email but you are not subscribed to the Company News list, we will send you an email. (You are responsible for ensuring that we have an up-to-date email for this purpose.)  Contact Us  If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or your personal information, to make an access or correction request, to exercise any applicable rights, to make a complaint, or to obtain information about our policies and practices with respect to any service providers outside Canada, our Privacy Officer (or Data Protection Officer) can be reached by mail or email using the following contact information: by email at privacy@dribbble.com or by mail at 524 Yates St., Victoria, BC, V8W 1K8, Canada. 