Title: Privacy Policy · Forrester
URL: https://go.forrester.com/policies/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: badge, events, policy, sponsor, contact, event, forrester, site, privacy, information, virtual, sponsors
Policy: 
To fulfill our obligations. Forrester uses personal contact information you share with us to fulfill contractual obligations that may include providing products or services that you or your employer purchased, answer your contract administration related inquiries or communicate with you about your account or transactions with us, and send you information about features on the Site, or changes to our policies or events for which you registered.

To perform research. Forrester often receives briefings or information from third parties willing to participate in its research. We use any contact information provided in such instances to schedule interviews or conduct surveys.

To improve research, the Site and measure effectiveness. Forrester regularly analyzes data pertaining to visitor trends, research consumption, and research grading to improve our research, plan site enhancements, measure overall site effectiveness and the effectiveness of e-mail campaigns.

To answer job search inquiries. We use your submitted information to respond to inquiries you make regarding job postings.

To maintain a secure Site. IP addresses are collected in order to maintain our Site security and ensure access to restricted portions of the Site is limited to authorized users.

To improve our performance by using third party vendors. We may also disclose certain data to third party contractors or vendors in connection with their performance of services to us. Contractual agreements between us and such third parties provide that your information will be kept confidential and secure.

To conduct Forrester Events. Your name, title, company name and/or country is also available to other event attendees during the event either on your badge for live events or in your profile on our third party event platform during virtual events. In some cases your name, title and/or country is available to other event attendees both on your badge and in your profile during live events that also use the platform.. Forrester transfers certain information of event registrants and attendees to its event sponsors. Use by sponsors of the information you choose to share with them is subject to each sponsor’s Privacy Policy. Please click the link found in the Registration Terms and Conditions of the specific Event for further information. For details on how Forrester shares your information with sponsors please see below:

Pre-Event Lists. Sponsors of a Forrester event are provided a “Pre-Event List” for event staffing purposes. The list does not contain names or contact information. It may contain the industry, company name and job level of individuals that have registered for the event.

Sponsors of a Forrester event are provided a “Pre-Event List” for event staffing purposes. The list does not contain names or contact information. It may contain the industry, company name and job level of individuals that have registered for the event. Event Sponsor Booth Lists. Live Events. Forum event attendees are provided with badges having bar codes that may be scanned at sponsored activities or sponsor booths. Attendee contact information is transferred to any sponsor that scans the badge. Virtual Events. When visiting a sponsor’s virtual booth in the Event’s Marketplace, the sponsor is able to see your name, title, and company in real-time. If you download information or click anything in the sponsor’s virtual booth, then your contact information is transferred to the sponsor in real-time for the sponsor’s use in marketing.

Sponsored Event Lists and RFID badge scanning. Live Events. When attending an event session sponsored by a third party, your badge may be scanned. Attendee contact information is transferred to any sponsor that scans the badge. Radio frequency identification (RFID) technology may be used to scan a badge when attending certain sponsored sessions at events held in the United States. Please note that signage outside such sponsored sessions will alert an attendee if the RFID functionality of a badge is being used at that session. If so, by walking into these sessions you agree to have your badge automatically scanned and your contact information shared with the session sponsor. Virtual Events. When attending or viewing a recording of a virtual session sponsored by a third party your contact information is transferred to the sponsor in real-time for the sponsor’s marketing purposes.



You can choose to inform Forrester that you do not want your contact information transferred to a sponsor of an event even if you attend a virtual sponsored event or a sponsor’s booth by contacting OptOutEvent@forrester.com prior to the start of the Event.

To send you marketing emails subject to your opt-in. If you opt into such communications, Forrester may use your email address to send periodic promotional emails and special offers. Forrester uses data about what e-mails you opened and links you clicked to help us provide you with offers and content that is relevant to you.

To enable Forrester online communities. If you participate in Forrester online communities or other shared services, your profile information may be shared with other members to enable collaboration.


