Title: Blackboard Privacy Statement
URL: https://help.blackboard.com/Privacy_Statement
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: websites, collect, data, personal, services, blackboard, products, provide, institution, privacy, information, statement
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   In the EU and many other jurisdictions, you have rights to control how your personal information is used. You may have the right to request access to, rectification of, or erasure of personal information we hold about you. In the EU, you also may have the right to object to or restrict certain types of use of your personal information and request to receive a machine-readable copy of the personal information you have provided to us.  In many of our products, you will be able to access your information as well as change and delete some of the information yourself by logging into your account. If you cannot access, correct, or delete the required information yourself, please follow these steps:  If you are a user of our products and services that we provide on behalf of your institution,contact your institution to exercise your rights. They need to manage your request even if it relates to information that we store on behalf of your institution. We will support your institution with your request.In all other cases, email us at[email protected]orcontact us using the address belowif you want to exercise any of these rights. Please remember that many of these rights are not absolute. In some circumstances, we (or your institution) are not legally required to comply with your request because of relevant legal exemptions.  In many jurisdictions, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data protection authority. But please contact us first, so we can address your concern.  United States – your California privacy rights  If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and Civil Code Section 1798.83 ("Shine the Light" law) give you rights in relation to your Personal Information. Please visit ourCalifornia Privacy Noticefor more information on how to exercise these rights.    If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and Civil Code Section 1798.83 ("Shine the Light" law) give you rights in relation to your Personal Information. Please visit ourCalifornia Privacy Noticefor more information on how to exercise these rights.  