Title: Kongregate Privacy Policy
URL: http://kongregate.com/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: personal, provide, collect, kongregate, privacy, data, services, platform, party, policy, information

Reduced Policy:   We understand that you may at times need further information from us regarding your personal data and how it is processed or that you may wish to update or correct the personal data you have provided us with. Your rights include the following:  Right to access your personal data. You have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and information.Right to rectification of personal data.If you find that personal data that we process about you is inaccurate, you have the right to have us correct such personal data.Right to erasure of personal data (right to be forgotten).Under certain circumstances, such as if your personal data has been unlawfully processed or you have withdrawn your consent (if the processing of your personal data is based on consent), you have the right to request and obtain erasure of your personal data from us, subject to certain exceptions. Please also note that any requests for removal do not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information from the Services. For example, content that you have posted may be republished or reposted by another user or third party.Right to restriction of processing.Under certain circumstances, such as if you question the accuracy of your personal data or you have objected to our legitimate purpose to process your personal data, you have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data until a solution has been found.Right to object to processing.Under certain circumstances, such as if you question the our legitimate interest to process your personal data, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to such processing.Right to data portability.If your personal data is processed by automated means based on your consent or for the fulfilment of our contractual relationship, you have the right to request that we provide you with your with personal data on a machine-readable format for transmission to another data controller.Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.You have the right to lodge a complaint regarding our processing of your personal data with the supervisory authority of your place of residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement.  Non-Discrimination.  At the risk of stating the obvious, we want to be clear that we will not
discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights or other privacy rights. Unless
permitted by CCPA, we will not take any discriminatory actions, including, denying you goods or
services, charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting
discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; providing you a different level or quality of
goods or services; or suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services
or a different level or quality of goods or services.  Please contact us at 1-800-678-2319 or atsupport@kongregate.comto make a request in respect of your rights. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to your request within 30 days of receiving such request. If we cannot honor your request within the 30-day period, we will let you know the reasons why and when we expect to be able to fulfil your request.  If our processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time (this will however not affect the processing based on your consent before its withdrawal) by contacting us at 1-800-678-2319 orsupport@kongregate.comor by updating the settings in our Services (where applicable).  We offer you choices about the information we collect, how we use and disclose this information and how we communicate with you.  Updating Your Profile.If you wish to review, edit or delete information you have provided to Kongregate, you may access your account information on the Site at any time by clicking on your username at the top of the Site homepage. We retain and use your information as necessary as described in“How Long We Retain Your Personal Data.”Opting Out of Promotional Emails from Kongregate.If you are receiving Kongregate promotional emails and no longer wish to receive those email messages, you may opt out at the time you receive the message by following the instructions in that email, clicking on the unsubscribe link in our emails or contacting us at 1-800-678-2319 or atsupport@kongregate.com. Please allow up to ten (10) business days for your request to be processed. You will continue to receive non-marketing-related emails (e.g., material changes to the privacy policy, issues with the Platform or compromised data access).Opting Out of App Notifications.Kongregate Apps may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game information, news, updates, or other relevant information. You can manage these updates from the “settings” page from within the App or from your device control panel that manages these notifications.Opting Out of Social Media Platform.If you wish to edit or manage the information Kongregate receives from a social media platform, you need to follow the applicable instructions at the specific social media site. For example, Facebook’s relevant policy in this regard can be foundhere. Please note that once Kongregate receives any personal information from a social media site as a result of a user playing 3rd Party Platform Games, it will be stored and handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Opting Out of Geolocation.In order to improve and optimize our service continuously, we use mobile tracking technologies. With the help of these services, we collect data on the usage of our Apps to be able to constantly improve our Services. In this respect, we may collect: IP address, which is anonymized right away, MAC address, anonymized Device ID (IDentifier For Advertisers (IDFA)) or Google Advertiser ID (GAID), browser type, language settings, internet service provider, network status, time zone, URL of the entry and exit pages, date of access and time spent, clickstream data, and other statistical information about the use of our Services. If you have previously allowed us to access your geolocation data, you can stop making geolocation available to us by visiting your mobile device’s settings for the relevant application or the “settings” page for the relevant App.The collection and storing of the data can at any time be disabled with effect for the future as follows:In the case of an Apple device: Open the settings of your mobile device (e.g. iPhone or iPad) and select the menu item “Privacy.” Under “Advertising,” you can turn off the Ad Tracking.In the case of Android devices: Open the settings in your App list and tap on the “Ad” button. When the Ad window has opened, you can deactivate the Google Advertising ID.Opting Out of Third Party Tailored Advertising.If you are interested in more information about tailored advertising and your choices to prevent third parties from delivering tailored web and mobile web advertising you may visit the following websites:Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out Pageor theDigital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Page for U.S.-based advertising; andYour Online Choices UK website for EU-based advertising.In addition, if you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements from third parties that relate to your interests in apps on your mobile device, you may opt-out by adjusting the ad tracking settings on your device. You can also reset the “Advertising Identifier” (like an IDFA) from your mobile device’s “settings” page, which will prevent continued use of existing behavioral data tied to the previous “Advertising Identifier.”Further, depending on the platform provider (such as Apple or Google), you may be able to download apps, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “AppChoices” app, that offer to provide you with control regarding the collection and use of cross-app data for tailored advertising.Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. While you do have choices to limit personalized ads that are tailored to your interests, you may receive generic ads. These opt-out tools are not provided by Kongregate but provided by third parties.Opting Out of Analytics.We use internal and third party analytics tools, including Google Analytics. The third party analytics companies we work with may collect and store data related to our website, enabling the creation of user profiles under pseudonyms. These user profiles serve to analyze visitor behavior and are evaluated in order to improve and design our offer so as to meet the demands. Their collection and use of information is subject to their own privacy policies. You may opt-out of Google Analytics by following thislink.Controlling Cookies.In order to design our Services in the most user-friendly manner for you, we, as well as many other companies, also use persistent and session cookies and web beacons and other similar technologies. You can manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the U.S.-basedaboutads.info choicespage,Canada-basedwww.youradchoices.capage or the EU-basedwww.youronlinechoices.eu. If you do not want cookies to be stored on your computer or wish to be informed of their storage, you can prevent the installation of cookies by declining to accept cookies ormanaging cookies in your web browser. However, we would like to point out that by preventing cookies, you may find that you cannot use all of our Platform’s functions to the full extent. For more information on ourCookie Policy, please read here.Contests, Sweepstakes and Promotions.From time to time, we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests, sweepstakes, surveys and/or other promotions on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you as provided in the terms of the corresponding promotion. We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; in those cases, that company will be prohibited from using our users’ personally identifiable information for any other purpose.California Privacy Rights.California Civil Code Section 1798 allows California residents to ask companies with whom they have an established business relationship to provide certain information about the companies’ sharing of personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes. California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with this law or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices may contact us atsupport@Kongregate.comor by writing to the address provided under“Questions, Concerns or Requests”below.Do Not Track.Do Not Track is a concept that has been promoted by regulatory agencies such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing Internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites by using browser settings. At this time, there is no general agreement on how companies such as ours should interpret Do Not Track signals. Kongregate does not currently respond to Do Not Track signals, whether that signal is received on a computer or on a mobile device. You can learn more about Do Not Trackhere.   