Title: Safety, policies, terms – MAX & CHARLIE
URL: https://maxandcharlie.com/safety-policies-and-terms/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: charlie, policies, website, publishing, material, max, terms, privacy, information, conditions, safety, llc
Policy: 
Returns & Exchanges

We want you to love your book and products and we'll do everything we can to meet your highest standards. If you're unhappy with a purchase — for any reason — we'll happily accept your return, and we will either exchange it, give you store credit, or issue a full refund (your choice!)

Please email us directly at [email protected] to start the return or exchange process.

Our Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to us and we will do whatever it takes to protect your information.

This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.

What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?

When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.

When do we collect information?

We collect information from you when you place an order or subscribe to our newsletter. Nothing else!

How do we use your information?

We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:

To quickly process your transactions.

To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.

How do we protect visitor information?

Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular Malware Scanning.

Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.

All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.

Do we use 'cookies'?

We do not use cookies for tracking purposes.

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.

If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. You can still place orders.

Third Party Disclosure

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. Promise!

Third party links

We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website. Promise!

California Online Privacy Protection Act

CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf

According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:

Users can visit our site anonymously;

Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website;

Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above;

Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page;

Users are able to change their personal information by emailing us.

How does our site handle do not track signals?

We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.

Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?

No! We do not allow third party behavioral tracking!

COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)

We hope MAX & CHARLIE appeals to the child in all of us, but those under 13 years old are specially protected by the US Federal Trade Commission — when it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission (the USA's consumer protection agency) enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. We take this responsibility seriously and will do everything in our power to keep you, your kids, and everyone's information safe and sound.

Learn more about COPPA - Children's Online Privacy Protection Act →

We adhere to the following COPPA tenants:

We will not require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to particapate in an activity.

Parents can review their child's personal information, direct us to delete it, and refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child's information.

Parents can agree to the collection and use of their child's information, but still NOT allow disclosure to third parties unless that's part of the service.

Parents can review, delete, manage or refuse with whom their child's information is shared through through account settings on our website, through emailing our support staff, through calling our support number, by mailing us a letter contacting us directly.

We will notify parents directly before collecting PII from their kids. This includes what specific information you will want to collect and how it might be disclosed, a link to your online privacy policy, and how the parents can give their consent. Also, if the parent doesn't consent within a reasonable time you will delete the parent's and childs online contact info from your records.

Parents can give consent by sign a consent form and send it back to us via fax, mail, or electronic scan, use a credit card, debit card, or other online payment system that provides notification of each separate transaction to the account holder, connect to trained personnel via a video conference, provide a copy of a form of government issued ID that you check against a database, as long as you delete the identification from your records when you finish the verification process or contacting us directly.

In order to remove you or your child's information, please contact us:

Max & Charlie Publishing LLC

20 Prospect Park SW

Brooklyn, NY 11215

[email protected]

Fair Information Practices

The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.

In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices, we will take the following responsive action should a data breach occur:

We will notify the users via email Wwthin 7 business days

We will notify the users via in site notification within 7 business days

We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.

CAN-SPAM Act

The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.

We collect your email address in order to:

Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.

Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders

Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred

To be accordance with CAN-SPAM we will:

NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses

Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way

Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters

Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.

Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly

Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email

If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.

Terms & Conditions

The terms and conditions listed below govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.

License to use website

Unless otherwise stated, Max & Charlie Publishing LLC and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.

You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.

You must not:

Republish material from this website (including republication on another website);

Sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;

Show any material from the website in public;

Reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;

Edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or

Redistribute material from this website, except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution.

Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed for zero material profit and with proper accreditation to max-and-charlie.com.

Acceptable use

You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.

You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.

You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without Max & Charlie Publishing LLC's express written consent.

You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.

You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without Max & Charlie Publishing LLC's express written consent.

Restricted access

Access to certain areas of this website is restricted. Max & Charlie Publishing LLC reserves the right to restrict access to other areas of this website, or indeed this entire website, at Max & Charlie Publishing LLC's discretion.

If Max & Charlie Publishing LLC provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential.

Max & Charlie Publishing LLC may disable your user ID and password in Max & Charlie Publishing LLC's sole discretion without notice or explanation.

User content

In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.

You grant to Max & Charlie Publishing LLC a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media. You also grant to Max & Charlie Publishing LLC the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.

Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or Max & Charlie Publishing LLC or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).

You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.

Max & Charlie Publishing LLC reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on Max & Charlie Publishing LLC's servers, or hosted or published upon this website.

Notwithstanding Max & Charlie Publishing LLC's rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, Max & Charlie Publishing LLC does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.

No warranties

This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. Max & Charlie Publishing LLC makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.

Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Max & Charlie Publishing LLC does not warrant that: 1) this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or 2) the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.

Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. If you require advice in relation to any legal, financial or medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional.

Limitations of liability

Max & Charlie Publishing LLC will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website: to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss; for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.

These limitations of liability apply even if Max & Charlie Publishing LLC has been expressly advised of the potential loss.

Exceptions

Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit Max & Charlie Publishing LLC's liability in respect of any: death or personal injury caused by Max & Charlie Publishing LLC's negligence; fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of Max & Charlie Publishing LLC; or matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for Max & Charlie Publishing LLC to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.

Reasonableness

By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.

If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.

Other parties

You accept that, as a limited liability entity, Max & Charlie Publishing LLC has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Max & Charlie Publishing LLC's officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.

Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect Max & Charlie Publishing LLC's officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as Max & Charlie Publishing LLC.

Unenforceable provisions

If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.

Indemnity

You hereby indemnify Max & Charlie Publishing LLC and undertake to keep Max & Charlie Publishing LLC indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by Max & Charlie Publishing LLC to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of Max & Charlie Publishing LLC's legal advisers) incurred or suffered by Max & Charlie Publishing LLC arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions.

Breaches of these terms and conditions

Without prejudice to Max & Charlie Publishing LLC's other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, Max & Charlie Publishing LLC may take such action as Max & Charlie Publishing LLC deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.

Variation

Max & Charlie Publishing LLC may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.

Assignment

Max & Charlie Publishing LLC may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with Max & Charlie Publishing LLC's rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.

You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.

Severability

If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.

Entire agreement

These terms and conditions, together with the privacy policies listed on this same page, constitute the entire agreement between you and Max & Charlie Publishing LLC in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.

Law and jurisdiction

These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the governing law of the state of New York, USA, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the state of New York, USA.

Please contact us with ANY questions, concerns, or comments!

Max & Charlie Publishing LLC's registered address is:

MAX & CHARLIE PUBLISHING LLC20 Prospect Park SW

Brooklyn NY, 111215

You can contact Max & Charlie Publishing LLC via email at [email protected] or via telephone at +1 (347) 687-7125

last updated 23 November 2016


