Title: Merriam-Webster
URL: http://merriam-webster.com/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: service, personal, provide, puku, privacy, thirdparty, data, services, merriamwebster, information

Reduced Policy:   Please read ourCookie Policy, which more fully describes the cookies, pixel tags, web beacons and other similar technologies used on the Merriam-Webster Services and includes a “Cookie Settings” button that explains each cookie category and enables you to opt-out of certain cookies, such as personalization cookies, which are related to interest-based advertising.  Browser controlsYou can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Services. For more information about cookies, please visithttp://www.allaboutcookies.org/.  Please note that limiting third-party cookies via your browser controls does not prevent our first-party cookies from being set in this way.To manage or delete browser cookies, please see your browser's privacy settings.To manage or delete Flash cookies, please use the Adobe Flash Player Settings Manager here:http://​www.macromedia.com/​support/​documentation/​en/​flashplayer/​help/​settings_manager07.​html  Google Analytics Ad SettingsYou can opt-out of this Google Analytics Advertiser feature using the Ads Settings located athttps://www.google.com/settings/ads. You also can use the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on to disable tracking by Google Analytics.  To delete these cookies, please see your browser's privacy settings or follow the above instructions.  IX & LiveRampYou can control the use of your personal data by IX and LiveRamp as follows:IX's options for users to opt-out of personalized advertising can be found on the IX website at this link:https://​www.indexexchange.com/​privacy/.  IX may continue to add opt-out options.To opt out of LiveRamp's use of your personal data, please head here:https://liveramp.com/opt_out/.  Interest-based, behavioral advertising opt-out choicesYou can exercise choice about the collection of data for interest-based, behavioral advertising, including by DigiTrust, by visiting theDigital Advertising Alliance's choice pageand opting out from DigiTrust. Opting out from DigiTrust will stop DigiTrust Partners from using the DigiTrust identifier. Through the DAA choice page, you may make other choices for companies that participate in the DAA, some of which are DigiTrust Partners.Some advertising networks require that we specifically list their opt-out links below. When you opt-out of a network, you may receive an "opt-out" cookie so that the network will know not to assign you new cookies in the future. Please know:If you opt-out of interest-based, behavioral advertising you will continue to receive ads on our free, ad-supported Services, but not behaviorally targeted ads. Also, if you opt-out of Merriam-Webster's practices, you may continue to receive interest-based, behavioral advertising through other companies.If you erase your browser's cookies, you may need to perform this process again.If you would like to learn more about interest-based, behavioral advertising or to opt-out of having this information used by companies that are part of the Network Advertising Initiative to deliver targeted ads, please visithttp://www.networkadvertising.org.  Many of the same companies are members of the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. You can learn more and opt-out of receiving interest-based, behavioral ads from them athttp://www.aboutads.info/choices.If you would like to avoid all advertisements on our Services, sign up for a paid-for subscription service or upgrade your mobile application.You also can opt-out of interest-based, behavioral advertisements on the Services by Merriam-Webster (and other companies employing online advertising) via the following options:Digital Advertising AllianceDigital Advertising Alliance CanadaEuropean Digital Advertising AllianceNetwork Advertising Initiative     The EU GDPR and other countries' privacy laws provide certain rights for data subjects. A good explanation of them (in English) is available on the website of the United Kingdom's Information Commissioner's Office.  If you wish to confirm that Merriam-Webster is processing your personal data, or have access to the personal data Merriam-Webster may have about you, please contact us atdpo@m-w.comand request a copy of our Merriam-Webster Subject Access Request Form.  Before processing any such requests, we must first verify that it is a valid and lawful request and that you are in fact the data subject for such request. Please allow at least thirty (30) days for a response.     All of the content on the Services is copyrighted by Merriam-Webster, Incorporated, 47 Federal Street, P.O. Box 281, Springfield, MA 01102, or its licensors, and it cannot be redistributed or used for commercial purposes. More detailed information about Merriam-Webster's copyrights and trademarks is available on ourCopyright Noticepage.   