Title: MIT - Massachusetts Institute of Technology
URL: https://mit.edu/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: massachusetts, institute, website, personal, google, mit, privacy, technology, request, purposes, information, contact, main

Reduced Policy:   You have the right in certain circumstances to (1) access your personal information; (2) correct or erase information; (3) restrict processing; and (4) object to communications, direct marketing, or profiling. To the extent applicable, the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation provides further information about your rights. You also have the right to lodge complaints with your national or regional data protection authority.  If you are inclined to exercise these rights, we request an opportunity to discuss with you any concerns you may have. To protect the personal information we hold, we may also request further information to verify your identify when exercising these rights. Upon a request to erase information, we will maintain a core set of personal data to ensure we do not contact you inadvertently in the future, as well as any information necessary for MIT archival purposes. We may also need to retain some financial information for legal purposes, including US IRS compliance. In the event of an actual or threatened legal claim, we may retain your information for purposes of establishing, defending against, or exercising our rights with respect to such claim.  By providing information directly to MIT, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside of the European Economic Area to the United States. You understand that the current laws and regulations of the United States may not provide the same level of protection as the data and privacy laws and regulations of the EEA.  Additional information  The main MIT website may contain links to third-party sites located outside of MIT. MIT is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these websites. We encourage you to review privacy statements and policies published by these third-party sites.  We may change this Privacy Statement from time to time. If we make any significant changes in the way we treat your personal information we will make this clear on our website or by contacting you directly.  The controller for your personal information is MIT.  We can be contacted atdataprotection@mit.edu.  MIT’s EU Representative can be contacted via MIT Press London, 1 Duchess Street, London W1S 6AN. 