Title: Privacy Policy as of 1/1/20
URL: https://oreilly.com/privacy.html
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: website, personal, privacy, data, services, 1120, basis, legitimate, policy, information, providers, oreilly

Reduced Policy:   6.1 Your rights – summary  You have certain rights in respect of the information that we hold about you, including:  the right to be informed of the ways in which we use your information, as we seek to do in this Privacy Policythe right to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information, including the right to opt in or opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties, if applicable, where such requests are permitted by law.the right to request access to the information that we hold about youthe right to request that we correct or rectify any information that we hold about you which is out of date or incorrectthe right to withdraw your consent for our use of your information in reliance of your consent (refer to section 2 above to see when we are relying on your consent), which you can do by contacting us using any of the details at the top of this Privacy Policythe right to object to our using your information on the basis of our legitimate interests (refer to section 2 above to see when we are relying on our legitimate interests) (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this groundthe right to receive a copy of any information we hold about you (or request that we transfer this to another service provider) in a structured, commonly-used, machine readable format, in certain circumstancesin certain circumstances, the right to ask us to limit or cease processing or erase information we hold about youthe right to lodge a complaint about us to the UK Information Commissioner's Office (https://ico.org.uk/) as well as a right to lodge a complaint with the relevant authority in your country of work or residencethe right of non-discrimination for exercising your rights  6.2 How to exercise your rights  You may exercise your rights above by contacting us using the methods outlined in the"Contact Us" sectionabove and we will comply with your requests unless we have a lawful reason not to do so.  In the case of preventing processing for marketing activities, you can opt out of marketing by signing in to your O'Reilly Online Learning account and updating your account settings. You may also opt-out of receiving newsletters or other communications by following the opt-out instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by contacting us using the methods outlined in the"Contact Us" sectionabove.  You can opt out of our Google Analyticsdata collection by using the tools availablehere.You can opt out of Adobe Analyticsby using the tools availablehere.  Please note that your objection to processing (or withdrawal of any previously given consent) could mean that we are unable to provide you with our services. Even after you have chosen to withdraw your consent we may continue to process your personal information when required or permitted by law, in particular in connection with exercising and defending our legal rights, or meeting our legal and regulatory obligations.  California residents can exercise your "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) by directly emailingdonotsell@oreilly.comor clickinghere.  To opt out of advertising cookies please consult the list of cookies and instructionshere.  6.3 What we need from you to process your requests  We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and to enable you to exercise the rights set out above. This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.  You will not have to pay a fee to exercise the rights set out above. However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. We will try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.   You have certain rights in respect of the information that we hold about you, including:  the right to be informed of the ways in which we use your information, as we seek to do in this Privacy Policythe right to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information, including the right to opt in or opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties, if applicable, where such requests are permitted by law.the right to request access to the information that we hold about youthe right to request that we correct or rectify any information that we hold about you which is out of date or incorrectthe right to withdraw your consent for our use of your information in reliance of your consent (refer to section 2 above to see when we are relying on your consent), which you can do by contacting us using any of the details at the top of this Privacy Policythe right to object to our using your information on the basis of our legitimate interests (refer to section 2 above to see when we are relying on our legitimate interests) (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this groundthe right to receive a copy of any information we hold about you (or request that we transfer this to another service provider) in a structured, commonly-used, machine readable format, in certain circumstancesin certain circumstances, the right to ask us to limit or cease processing or erase information we hold about youthe right to lodge a complaint about us to the UK Information Commissioner's Office (https://ico.org.uk/) as well as a right to lodge a complaint with the relevant authority in your country of work or residencethe right of non-discrimination for exercising your rights  6.2 How to exercise your rights  You may exercise your rights above by contacting us using the methods outlined in the"Contact Us" sectionabove and we will comply with your requests unless we have a lawful reason not to do so.  In the case of preventing processing for marketing activities, you can opt out of marketing by signing in to your O'Reilly Online Learning account and updating your account settings. You may also opt-out of receiving newsletters or other communications by following the opt-out instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by contacting us using the methods outlined in the"Contact Us" sectionabove.  You can opt out of our Google Analyticsdata collection by using the tools availablehere.You can opt out of Adobe Analyticsby using the tools availablehere.  Please note that your objection to processing (or withdrawal of any previously given consent) could mean that we are unable to provide you with our services. Even after you have chosen to withdraw your consent we may continue to process your personal information when required or permitted by law, in particular in connection with exercising and defending our legal rights, or meeting our legal and regulatory obligations.  California residents can exercise your "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) by directly emailingdonotsell@oreilly.comor clickinghere.  To opt out of advertising cookies please consult the list of cookies and instructionshere.  6.3 What we need from you to process your requests  We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and to enable you to exercise the rights set out above. This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.  You will not have to pay a fee to exercise the rights set out above. However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. We will try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.   You may exercise your rights above by contacting us using the methods outlined in the"Contact Us" sectionabove and we will comply with your requests unless we have a lawful reason not to do so.  In the case of preventing processing for marketing activities, you can opt out of marketing by signing in to your O'Reilly Online Learning account and updating your account settings. You may also opt-out of receiving newsletters or other communications by following the opt-out instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by contacting us using the methods outlined in the"Contact Us" sectionabove.  You can opt out of our Google Analyticsdata collection by using the tools availablehere.You can opt out of Adobe Analyticsby using the tools availablehere.  Please note that your objection to processing (or withdrawal of any previously given consent) could mean that we are unable to provide you with our services. Even after you have chosen to withdraw your consent we may continue to process your personal information when required or permitted by law, in particular in connection with exercising and defending our legal rights, or meeting our legal and regulatory obligations.  California residents can exercise your "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) by directly emailingdonotsell@oreilly.comor clickinghere.  To opt out of advertising cookies please consult the list of cookies and instructionshere.  6.3 What we need from you to process your requests  We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and to enable you to exercise the rights set out above. This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.  You will not have to pay a fee to exercise the rights set out above. However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. We will try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.   9.1 California Shine the Light Law  O'Reilly's and Safari's policy is to share your personal information only if you have given us your consent, for instance, by your agreeing to this Privacy Policy through your use of our sites. After obtaining such consent, Safari may in accordance with this Privacy Policy from time to time provide its business partners with contact details for direct marketing purposes of relevant services, products, and programs. If you no longer wish your information to be shared, please let us know, and we will prevent disclosure of your information to such business partners free of charge, or if you have further inquiries regarding our information sharing practices, please let us know using the methods outlined in the"Contact Us" sectionabove.  9.2 Do Not Track  California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (DNT) signals. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers at this time. 