Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://policies.taboola.com/en/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, taboola, sites, collect, data, personal, services, cookies, privacy, information, customers, user
Policy: 
If you would like to go directly to Taboola’s opt-out status options, please click here.

If you would like to learn more about Taboola’s processing of personal data in Europe, please click here.

If you would like to learn more about Taboola’s processing of personal information in California, please click here.

If you would like to learn more about Taboola’s processing of personal information in Thailand, please click here.

Taboola is dedicated to providing Internet users the highest level of transparency and control over the use of their data in online advertising. We adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles set forth by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), the Digital Advertising Alliance Canada (DAAC), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). Taboola also adheres to the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s (IAB) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, and the IAB Europe OBA Framework. In addition, Taboola is a proud member in good standing of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection use in digital advertising, and we adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct for Web and Mobile. To update your AdChoices Opt Out settings, select your region here: US, Canada, or Europe; and to manage all NAI member sites’ settings, click here.

Taboola, Inc., together with its Affiliates (“Taboola”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), recognizes the importance of your privacy. In this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) we describe how we collect, process, use, and disclose information that we obtain through our website, www.taboola.com, any Taboola website displaying this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Sites”), our content-discovery platforms, feeds, widgets, analytics tools, and other technical applications that we provide on third-party websites (collectively, the “Content Discovery Platform”), and the Taboola News suite of content-discovery tools available on mobile devices and operating systems (including the Start line of products, collectively “Taboola News”) (all collectively, the “Services”).

When you visit the Sites, or use or interact with any of our Services, we will collect information from or about you or your device, which may include personal information or personal data as defined by applicable privacy laws (“Personal Information” or “Personal Data“) (collectively, the “Information”), and this Information will be handled as described in this Privacy Policy.

We may use Information collected through the Sites and Services in various ways, depending on whether you are (i) a publisher, advertiser, or other content provider that has a contractual relationship, with Taboola (a “Customer“); (ii) a visitor to our Customers’ websites and digital properties who interacts with our Services (a “User“); or (iii) a visitor to the Taboola Sites (a “Site Visitor“), which may include Customers and prospective customers. Therefore, this Privacy Policy outlines specific provisions for each of these categories in Sections 1 – 3, and outlines provisions that apply to all three categories in Section 4 below.

For more information about how we use cookies on the Sites and when providing our Services, please refer to our Cookie Policy.

We may send periodic promotional or informational emails to Customers in accordance with their communications preferences. At any time, Customers may opt out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email. Please note that it may take up to ten (10) business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt out of receiving marketing and advertising emails from Taboola, we will still send you emails about your account and any Services that you have requested or received from us.

Customers may access, correct, or update the Information that they have provided to us by either updating the Information in their account, by emailing their dedicated account manager, or by emailing us at support@taboola.com .

When a Customer signs up to use our Services or uses Taboola’s “Backstage” analytics dashboard, we collect Information such as the Customer’s name, email address, telephone number, payment card information, billing information, and any other Information the Customer may choose to provide to us on the platform. We may also work with third party vendors to process payments to or from our Customers on our behalf. These vendors currently include Stripe and Payoneer , but are subject to change at any time. We do not have access to the Information that you provide to these third parties, and we encourage you to visit their privacy policies to understand their practices.

We collect Customer Information directly from our Customers. For example, we will collect a Customer’s contact details when a Customer enters a contractual relationship with Taboola and we will collect a username and password when a Customer creates an account on any of our Sites. When a Customer sends us an email asking a question, or signs up to receive our email newsletters, we will collect the Information that the Customer submits to us. We will also collect other Information that Customers choose to provide to us, such as the contents of a message or form that a Customer submits through our Sites or via email. We may also collect Information from prospective customers through publicly-available sources.

We do not knowingly collect any data or target any advertisements on websites directed to children under the age of sixteen (16). If you are the parent or guardian of a child under the age of sixteen (16) and have a concern regarding the Information we collect, please contact us at privacy@taboola.com .

We retain deidentified or aggregated data, which cannot identify an individual or device and is used for purposes of reporting and analysis, for as long as commercially necessary. We keep opt-out information for longer than this period so that we can continue to honor your opt-out requests.

We retain User Information, which is directly collected for purposes of serving ads, for at most thirteen (13) months from the User’s last interaction with our Services (often for a shorter period of time), after which time we de-identify the data by removing unique identifiers or aggregating the data.

Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit the DAA, DAAC or EDAA consumer choice pages, your opt out may not be effective because your browser will refuse opt-out cookies (that alert companies that you have exercised your opt-out preference).

Please note that an opt out from one or more companies listed on the DAA, DAAC, or EDAA consumer choice pages will not prevent you from seeing those companies’ advertisements. Rather, the opt out will prevent these companies from using your Information to display targeted content or ads to you. You may continue to receive advertisements that are selected based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads).

Taboola supports initiatives to offer our Users greater transparency and control over the uses of their Information. Therefore, we offer the following options for controlling the interest-based content and ads you receive.

If you have questions about our collection and use of data for interest-based advertising purposes, please contact us at: support@taboola.com .

We may also work with third parties such as ad networks, which are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to websites that you have visited in the past. These advertisers will deliver you targeted advertisements for products and services that may interest you. Third-party ad networks, our advertiser Customers (and their content providers and agents), and/or traffic measurement services may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs, and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one.

In order to target advertisements to you for products and services that may interest you, we may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), HTML5 local storage, and other technologies. For more information about how we use these technologies, please refer to our Cookie Policy .

Through our Services, including our Services on Customer websites, we may provide advertisements to you based on your recent browsing behavior across different Customer websites, browsers, or devices. For example, if on a first online visit, you browse on website A, then on a subsequent visit to website B, you may see content personalized based on your browsing history on website A. For example, if a user visits a clothing retail site, she might see clothing-related ads on another site she visits.

You have the right to request that Taboola provide you with access to the Personal Data we hold about you, correct your Personal Data, delete your Personal Data, and cease or restrict processing of your Personal Data. Please click here to make such a request.

For more information about how we use cookies and other technologies, please refer to our Cookie Policy .

We automatically collect User Information when Users interact with our Services that appear on our Customers’ websites and digital properties. Like most other web-based services, we collect this User Information through cookies and other technologies. Taboola collects only pseudonymized data, which means we do not know who you are because we do not know or process your name, email address, or other identifiable data. User Information that we collect includes, but is not limited to, Information about a User’s device and operating system, IP address, the web pages accessed by Users within our Customers’ websites, the link that led a User to a Customer’s website, the dates and times a User accesses a Customers’ website, event information (e.g., system crashes), general location information (e.g., city and state), hashed email addresses (when made available by the User), and gender (when made available by the User). In the Taboola News suite of tools, we also collect in-app User behaviors (e.g. online status, browsing activity, and clicks) and implicit non-precise device location inferred from search queries (when enabled by the User). We ask our Customers to obtain consent on our behalf, where required by applicable data protection laws, for us to collect this User Information. We may also obtain Information about you from our data partners .

For Site Visitors who have subscribed to receive emails from us, you can manage your subscription by clicking your unique link that appears at the bottom of each of these emails.

Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit the DAA, DAAC or EDAA consumer choice pages, your opt out may not be effective because your browser will refuse opt-out cookies (that alert companies that you have exercised your opt-out preference).

Please note that an opt out from one or more companies listed on the DAA, DAAC, or EDAA consumer choice pages will not prevent you from seeing those companies’ advertisements. Rather, the opt out will prevent these companies from using your Information to display targeted content or ads to you. You may continue to receive advertisements that are selected based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads).

Site Visitors may opt out of the Taboola Ad Partners that collect information on the Sites to serve ads about Taboola. (California Site Visitors may exercise their options directly with Taboola, as outlined below in Section 5.2.1). By visiting one of the Digital Advertising Alliance affiliate websites, you can learn more about User choices and opting out of interest-based advertising displayed by the many member companies.

To understand your interests and deliver advertisements that are tailored to your interests, we may work with service providers or third parties that use their own cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect Information about Site Visitors’ online activities, either on our Sites and/or other websites across the Internet (“ Taboola Ad Partners ”). These Taboola Ad Partners include advertisers and ad networks that may collect Information about when you view or interact with one of their advertisements and may collect information regarding your activities on our Sites and your online activities over time and across different websites. Like most advertisers, Taboola works to place our advertisements where we think they will be most interesting and relevant to the recipient. One way we do this is by allowing ad networks to place their own cookies when an individual visits our Sites. This enables the ad network to recognize individuals who have previously visited the Taboola Sites. Then, if the ad network has purchased ad space on a third-party website, and recognizes that same individual visiting that third-party website, the ad network can deliver a Taboola advertisement, knowing that this individual has already expressed interest in Taboola by visiting the Taboola Sites. To learn more about third parties who collect Site Visitor Information, please review our Cookie Policy .

For more information about how we use cookies and other technologies, please refer to our Cookie Policy .

Taboola collects Site Visitor Information either directly from you or from third parties that collect this Information during your use of our Sites. We may combine all the Information that we collect from various sources.

If you would like to learn more about EEA Data Transfers, specifically, see Section 5.1.4 below. If you would like to learn more about Thailand Data Transfers, specifically, see Section 5.3.4 below.

We may transfer your Information outside the country in which it is collected, including to a country that may not offer the same level of protection for Information as the country in which you reside. Rest assured however, that Taboola has arranged all contractual safeguards to ensure your Information is processed in a way that offers an adequate level of protection when it is shared between or among Taboola Affiliates, subsidiaries, and/or parent companies.

We value the security of your Information, including but not limited to the Information collected via the Sites or Services. Taboola is ISO 27001 certified and we have taken appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the Information we collect about you from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, destruction, and any other form of unauthorized processing. Please be aware, however, that no data security measures can guarantee 100% security.

For more information about how we use cookies and other tracking mechanisms on the Sites and when providing our Services, please refer to our Cookie Policy . You may disable certain tracking as discussed in our Cookie Policy (e.g., by disabling cookies).

In addition to the disclosures detailed above, we may also disclose Information for the following purposes:

When we share your Information with third parties as specified above, we require such recipients to agree to only use the Information we share with them in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our contractual specifications and for no other purpose than those determined by us in line with this Privacy Policy.

We use the Information that we collect from Customers, Users, and Site Visitors for the purposes respectively set forth in Sections 1-3 above, as well as for the following purposes:

We use the Information that we collect from Customers, Users, and Site Visitors for the purposes respectively set forth in Sections 1-3 above, as well as for the following purposes:

5. Regional Privacy Rights

5.1 Notice to Individuals within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) 5.1.1 Data Controller If you reside in the EEA, Taboola Europe Limited will be the controller of your Personal Data provided to, collected by or for, or processed by Taboola in connection with our Services. 5.1.2 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data If you are a Customer, Site Visitor, or User from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above (also referred to in this Section 5.1 as “EEA Data”) will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only (i) where we have your consent to do so, (ii) where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or (iii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you or may otherwise need the Personal Data to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data). Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Data, including if you would like to better understand how our legitimate interests to process your data are balanced against your data protection rights and freedoms, please contact us as specified in Section 6 below. 5.1.3 Your Rights to Your Information You have the right to request that Taboola (i) provide you with access to the Personal Data we hold about you, (ii) correct your Personal Data, (iii) Export your Personal Data, (iv) delete your Personal Data, and (v) cease or restrict processing of your Personal Data. If you are a User and would like to understand what Personal Data and behavioural information Taboola holds about you, specifically, and how you can exercise any of your rights with respect to your Personal Data, please visit Taboola’s Data Subject Access Request Portal. Customers may also submit a data subject access request by emailing us at privacy@taboola.com so that Taboola may either respond with the relevant information or, if applicable, direct this request to, and cooperate with, your employer to respond. You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. To learn more, please contact your local data protection authority, via the contact methods available here. However, if you have any questions about our collection and use of your Personal Data, please first contact us at support@taboola.com. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@taboola.com. 5.1.4 EEA Data Transfers Taboola transfers data outside the EEA. Taboola relies on adequacy determinations, because data is controlled and stored by Taboola’s Israeli entity. In addition, Taboola also has in place an Inter Group Data Transfer Agreement across its international entities, which is based on the standard model clauses. As part of Taboola’s global operations, our data flows between the EEA, the United States, Israel and Hong Kong. To ensure that EEA Data is adequately protected when transferred outside the EEA, the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC and the General Data Protection Regulation mandate that such transfers take place using certain legal mechanisms. When transferring EEA data to Israel, Taboola relies on the European Commission’s determination that Israel offers adequate data protection for transfers from the EEA. When transferring EEA data elsewhere, Taboola relies on the European Commission’s approved Standard Contractual Clauses, which are contractual privacy and security commitments between companies that transfer personal data (for example, from Taboola Europe Limited to Taboola, Inc.). Taboola, Inc. and its Affiliates have accordingly adopted Standard Contractual Clauses to ensure the legality, privacy, and security of the data flows necessary to provide, maintain, and develop our services. Note: Taboola currently stores Customer, User, and Visitor Information in our data centers located in the United States and Israel.

5.2 Notice to Individuals in the State of California 5.2.1 Your Rights to Your Personal Information California residents have the right to request that Taboola (i) provide you with access to the Personal Information that we hold about you, (ii) correct your Personal Information, (iii) delete your Personal Information, and (iv) cease or restrict disclosures or sales of your Personal Information to third parties. You also have a right against discrimination for exercising any of these rights, which Taboola is committed to upholding and honoring at all times. If you would like to opt out of Taboola’s disclosures and sales of your Personal Information, you may do so as outlined in Taboola’s California Consumer Rights Portal. Please note that this feature is currently only available for California state residents. If you are not a California resident, you may find Taboola’s Data Subject Access Request Portal helpful. 5.2.2 Categories of Data that Taboola Holds about You As mentioned above, Taboola maintains data about you in only pseudonymized form, which means that we do not know your identity because we do not process your name, email address, or other identifiable information. Instead, we only process digital identifiers such as cookie IDs, IP addresses, mobile advertising IDs on your device, Taboola network browsing history and associated preferences, and in some limited circumstances, your hashed email address. 5.2.3 Why Taboola Collects your Personal Information Taboola processes your Personal Information in order to provide personalized content and advertisements to you. 5.2.4 Where Taboola Collects Your Personal Information We automatically collect User Information when Users interact with our Services that appear on our Customers’ websites and digital properties. Like most other web-based services, we collect this User Information through cookies and other technologies. We may also obtain Information about you from our data partners. Taboola collects Information either directly from you during your use of our Sites and Services or from third parties that independently collect this Information from you, and we may combine the Information that we collect from these various sources. For more information about these collection methods, please see Sections 2.1 and 3.1 above. 5.2.5 How Taboola Shares Your Personal Information Taboola may disclose or make available your pseudonymous Personal Information to our trusted partners. In most cases when we do so, we have contractually restricted their uses of this data for only Taboola’s business purposes. Under the CCPA, such disclosures of Personal Information to service providers are not deemed to be a “sale” and thus are not prohibited after you exercise your right to cease or restrict disclosures or sales of your Personal Information to third parties. In any instances where we have not entered into a service provider relationship with such third parties, we will stop sharing your Personal Information when you instruct us not to “sell” your Personal Information.


