Title: Privacy policy
URL: https://prezi.com/privacy-policy/?click_source=logged_element&page_location=footer&element_text=privacy_policy
Date of publishing: 2019-10-03 11:28:03.196122
Keywords: service, personal, provide, including, privacy, data, services, account, policy, information, content

Reduced Policy:   11.1 California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Rights  Californian users have additional rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). For more informationplease visit our CCPA Information Page.  11.1.1 Categories of personal information collected and processed by Prezi  For more details about the personal information Prezi has collected in the past year, please see section 5. "What personal data we collect and why". For details on how we use that information, and who we share it with, please see section 9. "How we use and process your Personal Data" and section 6. "List of Our Data Processors".  Prezi does not “sell” (as defined in the CCPA) the personal information of users.  11.1.2 Making a request in relation to your personal information  The CCPA gives California consumers various rights with respect to the personal information we collect, including the right to (subject to certain limitations):  Request to access the personal information Prezi has about you; andRequest that Prezi delete all of your personal information.  California users may make a request by contacting us atprivacy@prezi.com.  We will authenticate your request using the email address associated with your Prezi account and if necessary, proof of residency.  11.2Other California Privacy Rights  California Civil Code Section 1798.83, known as the “Shine the Light” law, permits members of our community who are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what personal information (if any) we may have disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, including the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made once a year and are free of charge. If you would like to make a request pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, you must do so in writing via email; please include the phrase “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line and in the body of your message.   Californian users have additional rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). For more informationplease visit our CCPA Information Page.  11.1.1 Categories of personal information collected and processed by Prezi  For more details about the personal information Prezi has collected in the past year, please see section 5. "What personal data we collect and why". For details on how we use that information, and who we share it with, please see section 9. "How we use and process your Personal Data" and section 6. "List of Our Data Processors".  Prezi does not “sell” (as defined in the CCPA) the personal information of users.  11.1.2 Making a request in relation to your personal information  The CCPA gives California consumers various rights with respect to the personal information we collect, including the right to (subject to certain limitations):  Request to access the personal information Prezi has about you; andRequest that Prezi delete all of your personal information.  California users may make a request by contacting us atprivacy@prezi.com.  We will authenticate your request using the email address associated with your Prezi account and if necessary, proof of residency.  11.2Other California Privacy Rights  California Civil Code Section 1798.83, known as the “Shine the Light” law, permits members of our community who are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what personal information (if any) we may have disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, including the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made once a year and are free of charge. If you would like to make a request pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, you must do so in writing via email; please include the phrase “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line and in the body of your message.   California Civil Code Section 1798.83, known as the “Shine the Light” law, permits members of our community who are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what personal information (if any) we may have disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, including the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made once a year and are free of charge. If you would like to make a request pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, you must do so in writing via email; please include the phrase “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line and in the body of your message.   Based on the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”), if you are a habitual resident of a Designated Country, you may exercise the rights below by sending an email toprivacy@prezi.com.  Residents (users) from other jurisdictions may send us similar requests, and we will handle them according to applicable law, and/or within the exercise of our discretion. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request.  12.1 Right to review, update, or correct data  You have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data concerning you. You can edit some of your personal information through your account. You can also ask us to change, update, or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.  12.2 Right to object to, limit, or restrict the use of data  You have the right to ask us to stop using all or some of your Personal Data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).  12.3 Right to delete data  You have the right to ask us to erase or delete your Personal Data. In some cases (for example, information previously posted in public areas) it may not be practical or may be unduly burdensome, to delete your Personal Data. In the event that we may not delete your Personal Data, we will inform you.  12.4 Right to receive the information and/or take your data  You have the right to receive information whether we process your Personal Data and if such Personal Data is processed, and, where that is the case, access to the Personal Data. That’s why we inform you in advance about our processing activities via this Privacy Policy.  You have the right to receive yourself or transfer your Personal Data to another company (known as the right to data portability). Such Data includes account and contact information, and in the event, you have paid for our services, we will include the payment history of such transactions.  12.5 Right to lodge a complaint  You have the right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried out by Prezi Inc. before the competent data protection authorities within your jurisdiction.  12.6 Right to object with the processing of data for direct marketing purposes  You have the right to object at any time to processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.  12.7 Right to withdraw the consent  You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data at any time. However, this might force us to terminate our Services to you.  12.8 How to exercise your rights  At any time, you may exercise your rights as described in this article by sending an email toprivacy@prezi.com. In the email please provide specific details about the right you are exercising. Once we receive the communication, we will respond as quickly as possible and without delay. Depending on the request, it might take us some time to respond, but we will endeavor to do so within 30 days of receiving your request.  12.9 Contacting our Data Protection Officer and Representative  If you have any questions about the above-mentioned rights or the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer and Data Protection Representative by emailingprivacy@prezi.com.   You have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data concerning you. You can edit some of your personal information through your account. You can also ask us to change, update, or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.  12.2 Right to object to, limit, or restrict the use of data  You have the right to ask us to stop using all or some of your Personal Data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).  12.3 Right to delete data  You have the right to ask us to erase or delete your Personal Data. In some cases (for example, information previously posted in public areas) it may not be practical or may be unduly burdensome, to delete your Personal Data. In the event that we may not delete your Personal Data, we will inform you.  12.4 Right to receive the information and/or take your data  You have the right to receive information whether we process your Personal Data and if such Personal Data is processed, and, where that is the case, access to the Personal Data. That’s why we inform you in advance about our processing activities via this Privacy Policy.  You have the right to receive yourself or transfer your Personal Data to another company (known as the right to data portability). Such Data includes account and contact information, and in the event, you have paid for our services, we will include the payment history of such transactions.  12.5 Right to lodge a complaint  You have the right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried out by Prezi Inc. before the competent data protection authorities within your jurisdiction.  12.6 Right to object with the processing of data for direct marketing purposes  You have the right to object at any time to processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.  12.7 Right to withdraw the consent  You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data at any time. However, this might force us to terminate our Services to you.  12.8 How to exercise your rights  At any time, you may exercise your rights as described in this article by sending an email toprivacy@prezi.com. In the email please provide specific details about the right you are exercising. Once we receive the communication, we will respond as quickly as possible and without delay. Depending on the request, it might take us some time to respond, but we will endeavor to do so within 30 days of receiving your request.  12.9 Contacting our Data Protection Officer and Representative  If you have any questions about the above-mentioned rights or the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer and Data Protection Representative by emailingprivacy@prezi.com.   You have the right to ask us to stop using all or some of your Personal Data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).  12.3 Right to delete data  You have the right to ask us to erase or delete your Personal Data. In some cases (for example, information previously posted in public areas) it may not be practical or may be unduly burdensome, to delete your Personal Data. In the event that we may not delete your Personal Data, we will inform you.  12.4 Right to receive the information and/or take your data  You have the right to receive information whether we process your Personal Data and if such Personal Data is processed, and, where that is the case, access to the Personal Data. That’s why we inform you in advance about our processing activities via this Privacy Policy.  You have the right to receive yourself or transfer your Personal Data to another company (known as the right to data portability). Such Data includes account and contact information, and in the event, you have paid for our services, we will include the payment history of such transactions.  12.5 Right to lodge a complaint  You have the right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried out by Prezi Inc. before the competent data protection authorities within your jurisdiction.  12.6 Right to object with the processing of data for direct marketing purposes  You have the right to object at any time to processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.  12.7 Right to withdraw the consent  You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data at any time. However, this might force us to terminate our Services to you.  12.8 How to exercise your rights  At any time, you may exercise your rights as described in this article by sending an email toprivacy@prezi.com. In the email please provide specific details about the right you are exercising. Once we receive the communication, we will respond as quickly as possible and without delay. Depending on the request, it might take us some time to respond, but we will endeavor to do so within 30 days of receiving your request.  12.9 Contacting our Data Protection Officer and Representative  If you have any questions about the above-mentioned rights or the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer and Data Protection Representative by emailingprivacy@prezi.com.   You have the right to ask us to erase or delete your Personal Data. In some cases (for example, information previously posted in public areas) it may not be practical or may be unduly burdensome, to delete your Personal Data. In the event that we may not delete your Personal Data, we will inform you.  12.4 Right to receive the information and/or take your data  You have the right to receive information whether we process your Personal Data and if such Personal Data is processed, and, where that is the case, access to the Personal Data. That’s why we inform you in advance about our processing activities via this Privacy Policy.  You have the right to receive yourself or transfer your Personal Data to another company (known as the right to data portability). Such Data includes account and contact information, and in the event, you have paid for our services, we will include the payment history of such transactions.  12.5 Right to lodge a complaint  You have the right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried out by Prezi Inc. before the competent data protection authorities within your jurisdiction.  12.6 Right to object with the processing of data for direct marketing purposes  You have the right to object at any time to processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.  12.7 Right to withdraw the consent  You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data at any time. However, this might force us to terminate our Services to you.  12.8 How to exercise your rights  At any time, you may exercise your rights as described in this article by sending an email toprivacy@prezi.com. In the email please provide specific details about the right you are exercising. Once we receive the communication, we will respond as quickly as possible and without delay. Depending on the request, it might take us some time to respond, but we will endeavor to do so within 30 days of receiving your request.  12.9 Contacting our Data Protection Officer and Representative  If you have any questions about the above-mentioned rights or the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer and Data Protection Representative by emailingprivacy@prezi.com.   You have the right to receive information whether we process your Personal Data and if such Personal Data is processed, and, where that is the case, access to the Personal Data. That’s why we inform you in advance about our processing activities via this Privacy Policy.  You have the right to receive yourself or transfer your Personal Data to another company (known as the right to data portability). Such Data includes account and contact information, and in the event, you have paid for our services, we will include the payment history of such transactions.  12.5 Right to lodge a complaint  You have the right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried out by Prezi Inc. before the competent data protection authorities within your jurisdiction.  12.6 Right to object with the processing of data for direct marketing purposes  You have the right to object at any time to processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.  12.7 Right to withdraw the consent  You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data at any time. However, this might force us to terminate our Services to you.  12.8 How to exercise your rights  At any time, you may exercise your rights as described in this article by sending an email toprivacy@prezi.com. In the email please provide specific details about the right you are exercising. Once we receive the communication, we will respond as quickly as possible and without delay. Depending on the request, it might take us some time to respond, but we will endeavor to do so within 30 days of receiving your request.  12.9 Contacting our Data Protection Officer and Representative  If you have any questions about the above-mentioned rights or the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer and Data Protection Representative by emailingprivacy@prezi.com.   You have the right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried out by Prezi Inc. before the competent data protection authorities within your jurisdiction.  12.6 Right to object with the processing of data for direct marketing purposes  You have the right to object at any time to processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.  12.7 Right to withdraw the consent  You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data at any time. However, this might force us to terminate our Services to you.  12.8 How to exercise your rights  At any time, you may exercise your rights as described in this article by sending an email toprivacy@prezi.com. In the email please provide specific details about the right you are exercising. Once we receive the communication, we will respond as quickly as possible and without delay. Depending on the request, it might take us some time to respond, but we will endeavor to do so within 30 days of receiving your request.  12.9 Contacting our Data Protection Officer and Representative  If you have any questions about the above-mentioned rights or the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer and Data Protection Representative by emailingprivacy@prezi.com.   You have the right to object at any time to processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.  12.7 Right to withdraw the consent  You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data at any time. However, this might force us to terminate our Services to you.  12.8 How to exercise your rights  At any time, you may exercise your rights as described in this article by sending an email toprivacy@prezi.com. In the email please provide specific details about the right you are exercising. Once we receive the communication, we will respond as quickly as possible and without delay. Depending on the request, it might take us some time to respond, but we will endeavor to do so within 30 days of receiving your request.  12.9 Contacting our Data Protection Officer and Representative  If you have any questions about the above-mentioned rights or the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer and Data Protection Representative by emailingprivacy@prezi.com.   You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data at any time. However, this might force us to terminate our Services to you.  12.8 How to exercise your rights  At any time, you may exercise your rights as described in this article by sending an email toprivacy@prezi.com. In the email please provide specific details about the right you are exercising. Once we receive the communication, we will respond as quickly as possible and without delay. Depending on the request, it might take us some time to respond, but we will endeavor to do so within 30 days of receiving your request.  12.9 Contacting our Data Protection Officer and Representative  If you have any questions about the above-mentioned rights or the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer and Data Protection Representative by emailingprivacy@prezi.com.   At any time, you may exercise your rights as described in this article by sending an email toprivacy@prezi.com. In the email please provide specific details about the right you are exercising. Once we receive the communication, we will respond as quickly as possible and without delay. Depending on the request, it might take us some time to respond, but we will endeavor to do so within 30 days of receiving your request.  12.9 Contacting our Data Protection Officer and Representative  If you have any questions about the above-mentioned rights or the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer and Data Protection Representative by emailingprivacy@prezi.com. 