Title: Terms and Condition, Privacy Policy, Cookies, Sesions, Terms of use etc
URL: https://the-waitingroom.org/policies
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: websites, policy, website, condition, information, common, cookies, terms, site, unity, privacy, sesions, user, users
Policy: 
By using this website you agree to our terms of use

0. Website Disclaimer The information provided by Common Unity Limited (‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’) on www.the-waitingroom.org (‘the Site’) and our mobile application is for general informational purposes only. All information on the Site and our mobile application is provided in good faith, however, we make no representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness of any information on the Site or our mobile application. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL WE HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF THE SITE OR OUR MOBILE APPLICATION OR RELIANCE ON ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE AND OUR MOBILE APPLICATION. YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND OUR MOBILE APPLICATION AND YOUR RELIANCE ON ANY INFORMATION ON THE SITE AND OUR MOBILE APPLICATION IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. External Links Disclaimer The Site and our mobile application may contain (or use may be sent through the site or our mobile application) links to other sites or content belonging to or originating from third parties or links to websites and features in banners or other advertising. Such external links are not investigated, monitored, or checked for accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness by us. WE DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OFFERED BY THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES LINKED THROUGH THE SITE OR ANY WEBSITE OR FEATURE LINKED IN ANY BANNERS OR OTHER ADVERTISING. WE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. Professional Disclaimer The Site cannot and does not contain medical/health advice. The medical/health information is provided for general informational and educational purposes only and is not a substitute for professional advice. Accordingly, before taking any action based upon such information, we encourage you to consult with the appropriate professionals. We do not provide any kind of medical/health advice. THE USE OR RELIANCE OF ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS SITE OR OUR MOBILE APPLICATION IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. Testimonial Disclaimer The Site may contain testimonials by a user of our products and/or services. These testimonials reflect real-life experiences and opinions of such users. However, the experiences are personal to those particular users, and may not necessarily be representative of all users of our products and/or services. We do not claim, and you should not assume, that all users will have the same experiences. YOUR INDIVIDUAL RESULTS MAY VARY. The testimonials on the site are submitted in various forms such as text, audio and/or video and are reviewed by us before posted. They appear on the Site verbatim as given by the users, except for the correction of grammar or typing errors. Some testimonials may have been shortened for the sake of brevity where the full testimonial extraneous information not relevant to the general public. The views and opinions contained in the testimonials belong solely to the individual user and do not reflect our views and opinions. We are not affiliated with users who provide testimonials, and the users are not paid or otherwise compensated for their testimonials.

1. Owner and operator of this Website Common Unity Social Enterprise own and manages The Waiting Room Web Site and all online derivatives of this website with The Waiting Room (TWR) Trademark.

2. Purpose of these terms and conditions (‘Terms and Conditions’) To set out the terms and conditions of the use of the Website by a user (‘Website User’) in either of the following capacities: · As a provider of goods, services, memberships of clubs or the like, volunteer activities etc. on the Website (‘Provider’): · As a person looking to purchase goods, services, memberships, take part in volunteer activities etc. from or with a Provider, or any other visitor to the Website (‘Customer’).

3. Acknowledgements by the Website User By using this Website, each Website User acknowledges and agrees that: · The Website User has read and understood these Terms and Conditions. · These Terms and Conditions (and no others) will apply to such use. "Make the smart connection" video link

4. Purposes of the Website To enable customers to obtain contact and other information about Providers to supply Customers with goods, services, memberships, volunteer activities etc

5. Whether the Website User should rely on anything on the Website as professional advice · The contents of the Website are for information purposes only. · Nothing in this Website should be read as a substitute for professional advice. · Common Unity recommends the Website User obtains suitable expert advice on any matter that reasonably requires it. · Any warnings and advice given on the Website regarding protections a Customer should observe when dealing with Providers should be read as not exhaustive.

6. Extent to which Common Unity is obliged to allow a Provider’s details to be included on the Website At Common Unity’s discretion

7. Extent to which the Common Unity is entitled to remove a Provider’s details from the Website Common Unity may do so at any time, at its own discretion. The Provider does not pay Common Unity for the publication of the Provider’s details on the Website, therefore all parties agree this is reasonable.

8. Extent of Common Unity’s liability to the Website User for the Website User’s losses, damage or costs in relation to the following a) Any inaccurate, incomplete and/or out-of-date · Common Unity’s liability is excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. information indicated on the Website • In relation to contact and other information relating to a Provider: Common Unity is completely reliant on the Provider ensuring its information is accurate, complete and up-to-date within its own website. Common Unity will always make reasonable efforts to ensure that Providers details remain accurate and therefore: a) provide online messaging/direct contact opportunities for Providers to alert Common Unity of any changes to Provider details. b) Systematically audit all Provider details on a rotating annual basis. b) Any acts or failures to act by any Provider whose information is provided on the Website Common Unity’s liability is excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. The parties acknowledge the following: • Common Unity will not be responsible for any aspect of the provision of any goods, services, memberships, volunteer opportunities etc. provided by the Provider. • Any arrangement for the provision of such goods, services, memberships, volunteer opportunities etc. is entirely between the Provider and the Website User. • Common Unity (in its capacity as owner of this Website) has no involvement in any dispute between the Website User and the Provider. c) Removal of a Provider’s details from the Website for any reason • Common Unity’s liability to the Provider is excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. • The parties acknowledge that this is reasonable, given that as Common Unity imposes no charges on the Provider for inclusion of the Provider’s details on the Website. d) Non-availability or discontinuation of the Website Excluded to the fullest extent permitted by Law. e) Any links to third party websites indicated on the Website from time to time Excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law, particularly in relation to the following: • The content of such third-party websites. • Any goods and/or services etc. offered by the operators of such third-party websites. • Whether such links work.

9. Nature of advice given by Common Unity on the Website It is only intended to be a general guide. Such advice is not intended to be exhaustive, nor tailored to any specific circumstances.

10. Ownership of copyright and other intellectual property relating to the Website (e.g. URL, written content, artwork, logos, software etc.) Such intellectual property belongs to Common Unity and not to the Website User. The Website User shall not have any propriety interest in, or any right to use such intellectual property. Exception: to the extent otherwise indicated in clause 11, or to the extent otherwise permitted in writing by Common Unity

11. Right of the Website User to copy, print out or otherwise use intellectual property described in clause 10 Only as follows: • To display content of the Website on an electronic screen. • To print out pages, but only for personal, non-commercial purposes.

12. Specific restrictions on the right of the Website User to copy, print out or otherwise use intellectual property described in clause 10 The Website may not do the following (without limiting the Website User’s restrictions under intellectual property law and regardless of clause 11): • Publish any content of the Website in any way. • Use any trademarks or logos of Common Unity’s including The Waiting Room Registered Trademark for any commercial purpose.

13. Privacy statement This Privacy Policy was posted on 21st August 2019. It governs the privacy terms of our Website, located at https://the-waitingroom.org Your Privacy: Common Unity follows all legal requirements to protect your privacy. Our Privacy Policy is a legal statement that explains how we may collect information from you, how we may share your information, and how you can limit our sharing of your information. You will see terms in our Privacy Policy that are capitalized. These terms have meanings as described in the Definitions section below. Definitions: "Non Personal Information" is information that is not personally identifiable to you and that we automatically collect when you access our Website with a web browser. It may also include publicly available information that is shared between you and others. "Personally Identifiable Information" is non-public information that is personally identifiable to you and obtained in order for us to provide you within our Website. Personally Identifiable Information may include information such as your name, email address, and other related information that you provide to us or that we obtain about you. Information We Collect Generally: You control the amount and type of information you provide to us when using our Website. As a visitor, you can browse our website to find out more about our Website. You are not required to provide us with any Personally Identifiable Information as a visitor. Computer Information Collected: When you use our Website, we automatically collect certain computer information by the interaction of your mobile phone or web browser with our Website. Such information is typically considered Non-Personal Information. We also collect the following: Cookies: Our Website uses "Cookies" to identify the areas of our Website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to personalize the Content that you see on our Website. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our Website correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies. Third Party Tracking Tools: We also use third party tracking tools to improve the performance and features of our Website. These third party tracking tools are designed to collect only Non-Personal Information about your use of our Website. However, you understand that such tools are created and managed by parties outside our control. As such, we are not responsible for what information is captured by such third parties or how such third parties use and protect that information. Third Party Vendors: Our third party vendors, like Google, use first party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie). Google recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics. Automatic Information: We automatically receive information from your web browser or mobile device. This information includes the name of the website from which you entered our Website, if any, as well as the name of the website to which you're headed when you leave our website. This information also includes the IP address of your computer/proxy server that you use to access the Internet, your Internet Website provider name, web browser type, type of mobile device, and computer operating system. We use all of this information to analyse trends among our Users to help improve our Website. How We Use Your Information: We use the information we receive from you as follows: Sharing Information with Affiliates and Other Third Parties: We do not sell, rent, or otherwise provide Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for any purposes. Data Aggregation: We retain the right to collect and use any Non-Personal Information collected from your use of our Website and aggregate such data for internal analytics that improve our Website and Service as well as for use of others to guide future service development. At no time is your Personally Identifiable Information included in such data aggregations. Protecting Your Child's Privacy: We do not verify the age of our Users nor do we have any liability for verifying a User's age. Links to Other Websites: Our Website contains links to other websites that are not under our direct control. These websites may have their own policies regarding privacy. We have no control of, or responsibility for linked websites and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. You access such linked Websites at your own risk. These websites are not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should check the privacy policies, if any, of those individual websites to see how the operators of those third-party websites will utilize your personal information. In addition, these websites may contain a link to websites of our affiliates. The websites of our affiliates are not subject to this Privacy Policy, and you should check their individual privacy policies to see how the operators of such websites will utilize your personal information. Our Email Policy: Our affiliates and we fully comply with national laws regarding SPAM. You can always opt out of receipt of further email correspondence from us and/or our affiliates. We agree that we will not sell, rent, or trade your email address to any unaffiliated third-party without your permission. Privacy Policy Updates: We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. You should review this Privacy Policy frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we may notify you on our Website, by a blog post, by email, or by any method we determine. The method we chose is at our sole discretion. We will also change the "Last Updated" date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy are effective as of this Last Updated date and replace any prior Privacy Policies. Questions About Our Privacy Practices or This Privacy Policy: If you have any questions about our Privacy Practices or this Policy, please contact us.

14. Cookies, Sessions and server information Common Unity uses cookies in the public interface to allow it to personalise the Website to meet your requirements. If a User does not wish to receive a cookie, then he/she must set his/her web browser to reject or deny it. In Internet Explorer this can be done by adjusting the privacy settings within “Internet Options” from the “Tools” menu. However, if cookies are turned off it will disable some of the functionality including ‘favourites’ and ’shortlisting’. 14. a) Cookies and server information An HTTP cookie (also called web cookie, Internet cookie, browser cookie, or simply cookie) is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on the user's computer by the user's web browser while the user is browsing. Cookies were designed to be a reliable mechanism for websites to remember stateful information (such as items added in the shopping cart in an online store) or to record the user's browsing activity (including clicking particular buttons, logging in, or recording which pages were visited in the past). They can also be used to remember arbitrary pieces of information that the user previously entered into form fields such as names, addresses, passwords, and credit card numbers. ref:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie 14. b) HTTPS Website SSL Security

The Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) scheme HTTPS has identical usage syntax to the HTTP scheme. However, HTTPS signals the browser to use an added encryption layer of SSL/TLS to protect the traffic. SSL/TLS is especially suited for HTTP, since it can provide some protection even if only one side of the communication is authenticated. This is the case with HTTP transactions over the Internet, where typically only the server is authenticated (by the client examining the server's certificate). HTTPS creates a secure channel over an insecure network. This ensures reasonable protection from eavesdroppers and man-in-the-middle attacks, provided that adequate cipher suites are used and that the server certificate is verified and trusted. ref: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTPS 14. c) Clearing cookies and Web data ref: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTPS

15. Information Common Unity collects automatically to improve the Website and provide intelligence to decision makers to benefit future services. Common Unity collects and stores the following information in relation to a visit to the Website that is automatically recognised. • Type of devise used • Operating system used • Website areas visited Date and time • Originating IP • Type of browser Visitors to our website remain anonymous as Common Unity do not seek to link any of the data collected to specific individuals. The information only allows Common Unity to assess the popularity of the pages on the website, so that improvements can be made to the site and decision makers can be made aware of what services are being accessed to inform positive future service change options

16. Discontinuation of the Website Common Unity may discontinue the Website at any time, without requiring notice to (or permission of) any Website User.

17. Amendment of these Terms and Conditions Common Unity may amend Terms and Conditions at any time by publishing such changes on the Website. Common Unity is not required to give notice to (or obtain the permission of) any Website User.

18. Acknowledgements of Common Unity and each Website User in relation to the ‘entire agreement’ • These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between Common Unity and each Website User on the relevant subject matter. • No Website User relies on any warranty or representation regarding the Website except as expressly indicated in these Terms and Conditions.

19. Governing Law These Terms and Conditions shall be construed according to English Law.

20. Resolution of disputes between Common Unity and any Website User Disputes between Common Unity and each Website User regarding the Website (and the Website User’s use of it) and these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts

21. Waiver No waiver of any rights or powers of Common Unity under these Terms and Conditions is valid unless made in writing, and clearly indicating that it is a waiver of a right or power.


