Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: services, data, ads, unity, information, service, privacy, provide, policy, game, device

Reduced Policy:  Please note that Unity has placed a newCalifornia Notice of Rightson its website to explain how California residents may exercise their privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act. This notice is incorporated into this policy. Generally, under this new law, California residents haveSharing with third parties for direct marketing purposes:California residents have the right to request the identity of any third parties to whom the resident’s personal information was shared, if such sharing was to enable the third party’s direct marketing efforts. If you are a California resident and wish to make such a request, please submit your request toDPO@unity3d.comOR to opt-out of having your personal information shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please email us atDPO@unity3d.com.A right to transparent notice about the collection of your data;A right to know what personal information Unity holds about you, including where we obtain it and the categories of third parties with whom we share it,A right to request deletion of personal information in certain circumstances;A right to opt-out of sales of personal information;An ability to appoint a third party representative to assist you with exercising your rights and,A right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights.Please note Unity does not discriminate in its provision of services to you based on exercising your rights.Your requests to delete data is limited to data that Unity is not allowed to retain under the CCPA.  Unity may retain data for certain purposes, including completing transactions for you or reasonably related to completing transactions for you, detecting security incidents, illegal activity and fraud, maintaining our systems, complying with applicable law and legal obligations, engaging in public or peer reviewed research provided we comply with applicable ethics and privacy laws related to such research, or enabling solely internal purposes such as financial recordkeeping.You may ask a third party representative to assist you in exercising your rights.  Third parties may write toDPO@unity3d.comto provide documentation of their right to act on your behalf.  If you are a game player, we will not have a way to locate records about your outside of an app using Unity’s software, but you may direct your reports to be sent to your representative once you have verified your identity inside of the app. Unity account holders may also send data reports obtained through your account directly to your representative.  You need only to provide their email or mailing address instead of your own when ordering.  For third party representatives writing in on behalf of Unity account holders, please provide the name and any signed documentation you may have to act on behalf of the account holder, or you may ask the account holder to write to us from their account email to provide us permission to transact with you directly. Unity reserves the right to take reasonable steps to verify the authenticity of identities and authorizations in compliance with applicable laws prior to making any disclosures.More information on your rights as a Californian and instructions on how to exercise them with Unity may be foundhere.You may view our CCPA Transparency Report athttps://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-report.  This report provides details on our responses to requests to access, delete or opt-out under CCPA.How we respond to “Do Not Track” signals:We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our Services for third-party purposes, and that is why we provide information in ourCookie Policyabout how to prevent the delivery of targeted ads, and information in this policy about how to prevent Google Analytics and Twitter from collecting information. We do not, however, recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working on Do Not Track standards, implementations, and solutions. To learn more about Do Not Track signals, you can visitallaboutdnt.com. If you are a European Union resident, the General Data Protection Regulation provides certain rights to you with respect to your personal data. Where Unity is a data controller, you have the following rights: Right to Access- You have the right to request Unity provide you with a copy of your personal data.Right to Rectification (Correction)- You have the right to request Unity to correct any information about you that you believe is incorrect.  You also have the right to request Unity to complete information about you that you believe is incorrect.Right to Erasure (Deletion)- You have the right to request Unity to erase your personal data, under certain conditions.Right to Restrict Processing- You have the right to request Unity to restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.Right to Object to Processing- You have the right to object to Unity’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.Right to Data Portability- You have the right to request Unity to transfer your personal data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions. The Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act provides certain rights with respect to your personal data, such as: Right to Access- You have the right to request Unity provide you with a copy of your personal data.Right to Rectification (Correction)- You have the right to request Unity to correct any information about you that you believe is incorrect.  You also have the right to request Unity to complete information about you that you believe is incorrect. To exercise the above rights, emailDPO@unity3d.com(or contact us as indicated in the ‘Contact Us’ section below).  In some cases a Unity customer, such as a game developer, may be the controller of your data and Unity only a Processor.  In this case, Unity will direct you to its customer, and Unity will support its customers in responding to requests as required by law. In addition, where our processing activities in respect of your Personal Data are subject to the GDPR, you may lodge a complaint with a European Union supervisory authority. If you do have a complaint, we would appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before approaching your supervisory body, so please contact us atdpo@unity3d.comif you wish to discuss any complaint. You can find your supervisory authorityhere.