Title: UPS - United States
URL: http://ups.com/us/en/help-center/legal-terms-conditions/privacy-notice.page
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: web, personal, address, united, data, states, obtain, websites, apps, information, certain, ups

Reduced Policy:  If you are a California resident, you have the following rights. We will honor requests received to the extent required by applicable law and within the time provided by law.  Right to Access and Right to Know regarding Personal Information.You have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. Specifically, you have the right to request that we disclose the following to you, in each case in the twelve-month period preceding your request:the categories of personal information we have collected about you;the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information;the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information;the specific pieces of information we have collected about you;the categories of personal information about you, if any, that we have disclosed for monetary or other valuable consideration and the categories of third parties to which we have disclosed the information, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to which we disclosed the personal information; andthe categories of personal information about you that we disclosed for a business purpose.Right to Deletion of Personal Information.You have the right to request that we delete personal information about you that we have collected from you.  For requests made in connection with the Right of Access, Right to Know, and/or Right of Deletion, please note:  as required under applicable law, we must take steps to verify your request before we can provide personal information to you, delete personal information, or otherwise process your request.  To verify your request, we may require you to provide your name, physical address, email address, contact information, and information about your account or previous transactions with us. If we believe we need further information to verify your request as required by law, we may ask you to provide additional information to us.We will deliver personal information that we are required by law to disclose to you in the manner required by law within 45 days after receipt of a verifiable request, unless we notify you that we require additional time to respond, in which case we will respond within such additional period of time required by law. We may deliver the personal information to you through your account, if you maintain an account with UPS, or electronically or by mail at your option. If electronically, then we will deliver the information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, in a readily useable format that allows you to transmit the information from one entity to another without hindrance.  Right to Opt Out.You have the right to opt out of the disclosure of personal information about you for monetary or other valuable consideration. To opt-out, clickDo Not Sell My Personal Information.  To opt out of the collection of personal information by certain of our social media, advertising, and analytics partners, you can also visit the following sites:  www.aboutads.info  www.thetradedesk.com/general/privacy#_Toc514494731  You may request to exercise the foregoing rights by:  - Submitting a request through theUPS E-mail Application  - Calling us toll-free at 888-912-9055.  In addition to the right to access and correction, as specified above (under “Access and Correction” in the main body of this Notice), you have (i) the right to request the transmission of the personal information you have provided to us to you or another company, (ii) the right to object to any uses or disclosures of your personal information, (iii) the right to withdraw your consent in relation to our processing of your personal information based on your consent, (iv) the right to request deletion of your personal information and (iv) the right to request that we restrict processing of your personal information.  You may exercise these rights free of charge unless the request is unfounded, excessive, or otherwise unreasonable, for instance because it is repetitive. In some situations, we may refuse to act or may impose limitations on your rights, as permitted by law. Before UPS is able to provide you with any information or correct any inaccuracies, we may ask you to verify your identity and/or provide other details to help us respond to your request. For the exercise of your rights, please contact us using the contact information provided above in the “How to Contact Us” section. In all cases, you have a right to file a complaint with a Data Protection Authority. 