Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.thoughtworks.com/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: browser, policy, website, art, data, personal, cookies, privacy, information, processing, user
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:  You have the following rights: ● Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR) In principle, you have the right to receive information on the points mentioned in Art. 15 GDPR. You also have the right to request a copy of your personal data in accordance with Art. 15 (3) GDPR. ● Right to rectification or erasure (Art. 16 and 17 GDPR) You have the right to have incorrect personal data corrected. In addition, you have the right to demand that your personal data is deleted if further processing is no longer necessary, if processing is unlawful or if you have withdrawn your consent. ● Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR) If the conditions in Art. 18 GDPR are met, you have the right to have the processing of your personal data restricted, i.e. to prevent further processing for the time being. ● Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR) If the processing of your personal data is based on Art. 6 (1)e or f GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing if the further requirements of Art. 21 GDPR are met. ● Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR) Within the limits of Art. 20 GDPR, you have the right to receive your personal data in a machine-readable format in order to forward it or have it forwarded to another controller. You can require this by sending us an email at privacyofficer@thoughtworks.com. Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the location of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the applicable data protection laws and regulations. 16. Changes to the Policy This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time and will note the date of any updates.  In the event of any material and significant changes we will endeavor to provide a more prominent notice of the changes to this Privacy Policy.