Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.ftgames.com/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: games, process, online, services, data, user, personal, information, users, privacy, policy

Reduced Policy:   You have the following rights over the way we process personal data relating to you, as set out in the table below.  We aim to comply without undue delay, and within one month at the latest.  To make a request, please let our Data Protection Officer know by sending an email tosupport@ftgames.com.  a)	Ask for a copy of data we are processing about you and have inaccuracies corrected  You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected.  We will use reasonable efforts to the extent required by law to supply, correct or delete personal information held about you on our files (and with any third parties to whom it has been disclosed to).  b) Object to us processing data about you  You can ask us to restrict, stop processing, or to delete your personal data if:  you consented to our processing the personal data, and have withdrawn that consent;we no longer need to process that personal data for the reason it was collected;we are processing that personal data because it is in the public interest or it is in order to pursue a legitimate interest of FTG or a third party, you don’t agree with that processing, and there is no overriding legitimate interest for us to continue processing it;the personal data was unlawfully processed;you need the personal data to be deleted in order to comply with legal obligations;the personal data is processed in relation to the offer of a service to a child.  c) Obtain a machine readable copy of your personal data, which you can use with another service provider  If we are processing data in order to perform our obligations to you, or because you consented, or if that processing is carried out by automated means, we will help you to move, copy or transfer your personal data to other IT systems.If you request, we will supply you with the relevant personal data in CSV format.  Where it is technically feasible, you can ask us to send this information directly to another IT system provider if you prefer.  d)	Make a complaint to a Supervisory Authority  If you are unhappy with the way we are processing your personal data, please let us know by contacting us via the support services.If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data or responded to your concerns, an alternative is to submit a complaint to a Data Protection Supervisory Authority.  9. DATA RETENTION  We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant service, or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.  10. CHILDREN  We do not use our Online Services to knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. Our terms of use prohibit users aged under 13 years from accessing our Online Services.  In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years of age we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 years of age please contact us atsupport@ftgames.com  11. SECURITY  We will take all reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss misuse or alteration of your personal information.  For example, our databases are password protected and limited to essential employees only (such as FTG management or employees whose main role requires system access).  Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.  12. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS  Where you make in-Game purchases via iTunes or Google’s Play store, the confirmation that your purchase is valid as required by Apple or Google for such purchases will be processed using servers hosted in Singapore in the event that there is a problem with the servers hosted in Ireland.  The servers we use for this purpose are hosted by Amazon Web Services.  Basic Information used for Matchmaking services, where users may play against other users, may be processed using servers based in Singapore or US in addition to Ireland and Germany, reflecting the global player base of the Games.  The servers we use for this purpose are hosted by Amazon Web Services.  It is possible that your personal information may be transferred outside of the EEA by Ad Networks, Adjust, or Zendesk. We recommend that you refer to the privacy policies and/or terms and conditions of these third parties if you are concerned about your data being transferred outside the EEA.  Where we transfer your information outside of the EEA, we have agreements in place with those parties which include standard data protection clauses adopted by a data protection regulator and approved by the European Commission to ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your personal data.  If you would like to find out more about these safeguards, please let us know by writing tosupport@ftgames.com  13. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS & CCPA  If you are a California resident, as defined in Section 17014 of Title 18 of the California Code of Regulations, you have certain rights in respect of the personal information we hold about you.  If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policies and practices, please contact us at the details set out at the end of this Policy.  Please see above for:  the date on which this Policy was last updated (at the top of this Policy)  categories of personal information collected about you in the last 12 months (see paragraph 2)  categories of sources from which the personal information was collected (see paragraph 2 and 3)  purposes for collecting personal information (see paragraph 4)  categories of third parties with whom we share  personal information (see paragraph 5)  categories of personal information we have disclosed within the last 12 months (see paragraphs 2 and 5)  categories of personal information we have sold within the last 12 months (see paragraph 2c and 4f)  We have disclosed and sold personal information to third parties within the last 12 months to our third-party advertising networks (see paragraph 4f). We do not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorisation.  You can designate an authorised agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf. The authorized agent must submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf and proof of their own identity.  You have the right to:  request access to your personal information;  request deletion of your personal information;  opt-out of the sale of your personal information (see paragraph 7 above or email us atsupport@ftgames.com);  not be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA).  To make a verifiable consumer request of access or deletion, please contact us by email atsupport@ftgames.comor by mail to First Touch Games Ltd, 264 Banbury Rd, Oxford, OX2 7DY, UK. We may verify your request by asking for proof of identity such as your device ID and/or User ID.  CONTACT INFORMATION  All questions, comments or enquiries should be directed to FTG atsupport@ftgames.com.  We will endeavour to respond to any query or questions within three business days.  © 2020 First Touch Games Limited.  All trade marks are the property of the relevant owners. All rights reserved. 