Title: Privacy Guide
URL: https://www.adweek.com/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: regulations, guide, momentum, privacy, sessionbut, nypa, likedata, yorks, look, privacythe, state

Reduced Policy:  You may access, correct, or update the information you have provided to us. Adweek takes reasonable steps to ensure that the data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and up to date. You can update your account information by logging into your online account and updating your contact and profile information. You can view, change or update your editorial newsletter preferences, and email marketing preferences by contactinglegal@adweek.com. You may also contact us at any time by using the contact details provided in Contact Us in Section 16 below.  8. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS California Civil Code Section 1798.83 – A Notice to California Users If you are a California resident, you may opt-out of Adweek’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Any California resident may choose to opt-out of the sharing of such personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting aDo Not Sell My Personal Information requestor call 1-844-674-8161 (within US) or 1-845-267-3007 (outside the US).  We will match the identifying information you provide to us to the personal information we have about you and verify your identity through our existing records. California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018. In addition, a California resident that has an established business relationship with Adweek, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year. To request a notice, please submit your requesthereor call 1-844-674-8161 (within US) or 1-845-267-3007 (outside the US).  We will match the identifying information you provide to us to the personal information we have about you and verify your identity through our existing records. Please allow 30 days for a response. If you are a California resident, you can request that we remove content or information that you have posted to our website or other online services by submitting a requesthere. Note that fulfillment of the request may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal (e.g., if the content or information has been reposted by another user). Adweek does not track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, some third-party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, Safari allows you to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked. We will not discriminate against you because you exercised your rights under this section of the Privacy Policy.  9. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES ADWEEK is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which it may link. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Adweek. You should consult the respective privacy policies of any applicable third parties to learn more about their privacy practices.  10. HOW WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SECURE To help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate technical, organizational, physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to protect the information we collect. Specific measures we use include installing anti-intrusion hardware and firewalls, virus scans, monitoring Operating System and software logs and applying software patches. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your personally identifiable information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any social media or other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. To help protect the privacy of your own information, including maintaining the confidentiality of any account information or access credentials, we recommend you take precautions to protect the security of any personal information that you transmit over any public or untrusted network by using encryption and other techniques to prevent unauthorized persons from intercepting or receiving any of your personally identifiable information. You are responsible for the security of your information when using unencrypted, open access, public or otherwise unsecured networks.  11. CHILDREN Our Services are directed at a general audience and not directed to those under the age of 16. Adweek asks that minors not submit any personal information. Adweek does not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 16 years of age and if we obtain actual knowledge that a user is under 16 years of age, we will take steps to remove that individual’s personal information from our systems.  12. HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION? We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so. For example, we retain information in order to provide you with services, to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements, and to enforce our agreements, prevent fraud, assist with investigations, resolve disputes, analyze or troubleshoot programs, enforce our terms of use, or take other actions permitted by law. We may also retain information to prevent re-registration in the event that your account has been suspended or terminated or to create an archival copy of your information, which might be used by us for record keeping and internal purposes.  13. ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) 13.1 Your Data Protection Rights You may request access to or ask us to correct, update, or delete your personal information by submitting a requesthere. You can update account information by contacting us atlegal@adweek.com. You also can view, change, or update your editorial newsletter preferences, email marketing preferences, and alert preferences contacting us atlegal@adweek.com.  If you don’t have an account with us, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided in Contact Us inSection 16. We will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.In addition, you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information, or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided in Contact Us in Section 16 below.Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority (contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA, are availablehere. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request.  13.2 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information If you are a resident of the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.However, we will normally collect personal information from you where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Typically, our legitimate interests include: improving, maintaining, providing, and enhancing our technology, products, content, and services; ensuring the security of the Services; and conducting marketing activities.If you have signed up for the Services on your own behalf, we may need your personal information to perform a contract with you. In some limited cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you.Where required by law, we will collect your personal information only where we have your consent to do so.If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided in Contact Us in Section 16 below.  13.3 International Data Transfers The Services are operated in the United States. If you are located anywhere outside of the United States (including in the EEA), please be aware that information we collect, including personal information, will be transferred to, processed and stored in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to the laws of the United States.  14. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY From time to time, Adweek may update its Privacy Policy. Where these changes are material in nature we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing them, by directly sending you a notification, or by posting the most recent version of the Privacy Policy on the Services, with the “Last Updated” date posted at the top. You should check the Services frequently for updates. By accessing the Services after the “Last Updated” date, you are deemed to consent to our then-current Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy frequently to be informed of how Adweek is collecting and protecting your information.  15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION FOR UNITED STATES RESIDENTS/ARBITRATION/LIMITATION OF LIABILITY If you are a resident of the United States and you choose to use the Services, any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and Adweek’sTerms of Useincluding arbitration, limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the laws of the United States and the State of New York.  16. CONTACT INFORMATION If you have any questions, comments or concerns, please contact us using the details below: For United States and other Non-EEA residents: ADWEEK, LLCAttn: Legal Department261 Madison Ave, 8th FloorNew York, NY 10016212-493-4262Email:Legal@adweek.com For the avoidance of doubt, it is important to understand that this opt-out shall not prohibit any disclosures made for non-marketing purposes. Corrections/Cancellations and Questions. Upon your request, ADWEEK will provide you with its record of the personal information you gave ADWEEK at registration. For security reasons, this information will only be sent to the email address on file for the subscriber ID associated with it. With respect to corporate or company accounts, aggregated or individual user history may be shared with the account holder, upon request. If you have any questions about this Policy or would like ADWEEK to correct any of your personal information, you can email your corrections to Legal@Adweek.com. We will endeavor to comply with your requests as soon as reasonably possible, but changes requested of us may not be effective immediately. We are not responsible unless required by law, to inform third parties with whom we have already shared your information of any changes requested pursuant to this section. We are not responsible for removing information or causing information to be removed from the databases or records of such entities. If you have any questions, comments or concerns, please contact us using the details below: For United States and other Non-EEA residents: Adweek, LLCAttn: Legal261 Madison Ave, 8th FloorNew York, NY 10016212-493-4262Email:legal@adweek.com For EEA residents: For the purposes of EU data protection legislation, Adweek, LLC is the controller of your personal information. Adweek, LLCAttn: Legal261 Madison Ave, 8th FloorNew York, NY 10016212-493-4262Email:legal@adweek.com  17. TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES Cookies: “Cookies” give users a special ID, which are small text files that are stored in the memory of a user’s computer, mobile, e-reader, tablet or other device used to access the Adweek Applications (“Device”). Adweek employs cookies to recognize you and your access privileges for certain locations on the Devices as well as to track site usage. Subscribers who do not accept cookies from the Devices cannot access many areas of the Devices. We use both “session ID cookies” and “persistent cookies.” Session ID cookies are used to store information while a user is logged into the Devices and expire when the user closes his/her browser. Persistent cookies are used to make tasks like logging into the Devices easier for returning users by remembering a user’s login information. Persistent cookies stay on a user’s hard drive from one session to the next. “Flash cookies,” known as local shared objects, are data files placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device to personalize your visit. Our third-party service providers also may use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from standard browser cookies because of the amount of data, type of data, and how data is stored.Web Beacons: Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) may be included in our web pages and messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or email can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Devices, to monitor how users navigate the Devices, to count how many emails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.Embedded Scripts: An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Devices, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Devices, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.HTML5: We may use HTML5 in the Devices, including without limitation in Adweek mobile websites and certain mobile applications for the iPhone or iPad (and any other Apple iOS device). HTML5 has browser web storage that does not rely on traditional browser cookies. Like Flash cookies, HTML5 storage doesn’t use the browser “cookies” file. The ability of a user to disable HTML5 storage while simultaneously leaving cookies enabled is browser dependent.E-tags/cache browsers/web logs: Like most standard website servers, we log IP addresses (a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet) and Device identification in order to improve security, analyze trends and administer the Devices. We may track your movement within the Devices, the pages from which you were referred, access times and browser types. This information may include the browser you are using, the Internet address from which you linked to our Devices, the operating system of your computer, the unique IP address of the computer or Device identification from the Device that you used to access our Devices and usage and browsing habits. We use this information in the aggregate to gauge the effectiveness, usage, and popularity of our Devices, track information for statistical purposes, help diagnose and troubleshoot server malfunctions, analyze trends, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather information. We may also use individual information we collect through web logs to send you targeted offers and other communications. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 – A Notice to California Users If you are a California resident, you may opt-out of Adweek’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Any California resident may choose to opt-out of the sharing of such personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting aDo Not Sell My Personal Information requestor call 1-844-674-8161 (within US) or 1-845-267-3007 (outside the US).  We will match the identifying information you provide to us to the personal information we have about you and verify your identity through our existing records. California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018. In addition, a California resident that has an established business relationship with Adweek, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year. To request a notice, please submit your requesthereor call 1-844-674-8161 (within US) or 1-845-267-3007 (outside the US).  We will match the identifying information you provide to us to the personal information we have about you and verify your identity through our existing records. Please allow 30 days for a response. If you are a California resident, you can request that we remove content or information that you have posted to our website or other online services by submitting a requesthere. Note that fulfillment of the request may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal (e.g., if the content or information has been reposted by another user). Adweek does not track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, some third-party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, Safari allows you to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked. We will not discriminate against you because you exercised your rights under this section of the Privacy Policy.  9. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES ADWEEK is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which it may link. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Adweek. You should consult the respective privacy policies of any applicable third parties to learn more about their privacy practices.  10. HOW WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SECURE To help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate technical, organizational, physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to protect the information we collect. Specific measures we use include installing anti-intrusion hardware and firewalls, virus scans, monitoring Operating System and software logs and applying software patches. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your personally identifiable information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any social media or other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. To help protect the privacy of your own information, including maintaining the confidentiality of any account information or access credentials, we recommend you take precautions to protect the security of any personal information that you transmit over any public or untrusted network by using encryption and other techniques to prevent unauthorized persons from intercepting or receiving any of your personally identifiable information. You are responsible for the security of your information when using unencrypted, open access, public or otherwise unsecured networks.  11. CHILDREN Our Services are directed at a general audience and not directed to those under the age of 16. Adweek asks that minors not submit any personal information. Adweek does not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 16 years of age and if we obtain actual knowledge that a user is under 16 years of age, we will take steps to remove that individual’s personal information from our systems.  12. HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION? We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so. For example, we retain information in order to provide you with services, to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements, and to enforce our agreements, prevent fraud, assist with investigations, resolve disputes, analyze or troubleshoot programs, enforce our terms of use, or take other actions permitted by law. We may also retain information to prevent re-registration in the event that your account has been suspended or terminated or to create an archival copy of your information, which might be used by us for record keeping and internal purposes.  13. ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) 13.1 Your Data Protection Rights You may request access to or ask us to correct, update, or delete your personal information by submitting a requesthere. You can update account information by contacting us atlegal@adweek.com. You also can view, change, or update your editorial newsletter preferences, email marketing preferences, and alert preferences contacting us atlegal@adweek.com.  If you don’t have an account with us, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided in Contact Us inSection 16. We will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.In addition, you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information, or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided in Contact Us in Section 16 below.Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority (contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA, are availablehere. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request.  13.2 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information If you are a resident of the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.However, we will normally collect personal information from you where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Typically, our legitimate interests include: improving, maintaining, providing, and enhancing our technology, products, content, and services; ensuring the security of the Services; and conducting marketing activities.If you have signed up for the Services on your own behalf, we may need your personal information to perform a contract with you. In some limited cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you.Where required by law, we will collect your personal information only where we have your consent to do so.If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided in Contact Us in Section 16 below.  13.3 International Data Transfers The Services are operated in the United States. If you are located anywhere outside of the United States (including in the EEA), please be aware that information we collect, including personal information, will be transferred to, processed and stored in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to the laws of the United States.  14. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY From time to time, Adweek may update its Privacy Policy. Where these changes are material in nature we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing them, by directly sending you a notification, or by posting the most recent version of the Privacy Policy on the Services, with the “Last Updated” date posted at the top. You should check the Services frequently for updates. By accessing the Services after the “Last Updated” date, you are deemed to consent to our then-current Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy frequently to be informed of how Adweek is collecting and protecting your information.  15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION FOR UNITED STATES RESIDENTS/ARBITRATION/LIMITATION OF LIABILITY If you are a resident of the United States and you choose to use the Services, any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and Adweek’sTerms of Useincluding arbitration, limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the laws of the United States and the State of New York.  16. CONTACT INFORMATION If you have any questions, comments or concerns, please contact us using the details below: For United States and other Non-EEA residents: ADWEEK, LLCAttn: Legal Department261 Madison Ave, 8th FloorNew York, NY 10016212-493-4262Email:Legal@adweek.com For the avoidance of doubt, it is important to understand that this opt-out shall not prohibit any disclosures made for non-marketing purposes. Corrections/Cancellations and Questions. Upon your request, ADWEEK will provide you with its record of the personal information you gave ADWEEK at registration. For security reasons, this information will only be sent to the email address on file for the subscriber ID associated with it. With respect to corporate or company accounts, aggregated or individual user history may be shared with the account holder, upon request. If you have any questions about this Policy or would like ADWEEK to correct any of your personal information, you can email your corrections to Legal@Adweek.com. We will endeavor to comply with your requests as soon as reasonably possible, but changes requested of us may not be effective immediately. We are not responsible unless required by law, to inform third parties with whom we have already shared your information of any changes requested pursuant to this section. We are not responsible for removing information or causing information to be removed from the databases or records of such entities. If you have any questions, comments or concerns, please contact us using the details below: For United States and other Non-EEA residents: Adweek, LLCAttn: Legal261 Madison Ave, 8th FloorNew York, NY 10016212-493-4262Email:legal@adweek.com For EEA residents: For the purposes of EU data protection legislation, Adweek, LLC is the controller of your personal information. Adweek, LLCAttn: Legal261 Madison Ave, 8th FloorNew York, NY 10016212-493-4262Email:legal@adweek.com  17. TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES Cookies: “Cookies” give users a special ID, which are small text files that are stored in the memory of a user’s computer, mobile, e-reader, tablet or other device used to access the Adweek Applications (“Device”). Adweek employs cookies to recognize you and your access privileges for certain locations on the Devices as well as to track site usage. Subscribers who do not accept cookies from the Devices cannot access many areas of the Devices. We use both “session ID cookies” and “persistent cookies.” Session ID cookies are used to store information while a user is logged into the Devices and expire when the user closes his/her browser. Persistent cookies are used to make tasks like logging into the Devices easier for returning users by remembering a user’s login information. Persistent cookies stay on a user’s hard drive from one session to the next. “Flash cookies,” known as local shared objects, are data files placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device to personalize your visit. Our third-party service providers also may use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from standard browser cookies because of the amount of data, type of data, and how data is stored.Web Beacons: Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) may be included in our web pages and messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or email can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Devices, to monitor how users navigate the Devices, to count how many emails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.Embedded Scripts: An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Devices, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Devices, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.HTML5: We may use HTML5 in the Devices, including without limitation in Adweek mobile websites and certain mobile applications for the iPhone or iPad (and any other Apple iOS device). HTML5 has browser web storage that does not rely on traditional browser cookies. Like Flash cookies, HTML5 storage doesn’t use the browser “cookies” file. The ability of a user to disable HTML5 storage while simultaneously leaving cookies enabled is browser dependent.E-tags/cache browsers/web logs: Like most standard website servers, we log IP addresses (a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet) and Device identification in order to improve security, analyze trends and administer the Devices. We may track your movement within the Devices, the pages from which you were referred, access times and browser types. This information may include the browser you are using, the Internet address from which you linked to our Devices, the operating system of your computer, the unique IP address of the computer or Device identification from the Device that you used to access our Devices and usage and browsing habits. We use this information in the aggregate to gauge the effectiveness, usage, and popularity of our Devices, track information for statistical purposes, help diagnose and troubleshoot server malfunctions, analyze trends, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather information. We may also use individual information we collect through web logs to send you targeted offers and other communications.