Title: Take-Two Interactive
URL: https://www.take2games.com/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: interactive, wish, delete, request, contact, data, personal, email, social, account, information, taketwo
Policy: 
—Service Accounts

You can manage how we use your personal information and the communications that you receive from us by logging in to your Service account and using its account and privacy settings.

—Email Unsubscribe

If you have subscribed to a marketing or newsletter list from Take-Two, you can unsubscribe from that list when you receive a marketing or newsletter email from a specific label or division by using the unsubscribe link that is provided in the email.

—Interest-Based Ads

On your mobile device, you may adjust your privacy and advertising settings to control whether you want to receive advertising based on your interests. To opt out from the use of your online activities for interest-based activities by participating providers, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or the Digital Advertising Alliance at http://www.aboutads.info/ to select the applicable networks. For visitors from the UK, EU, EEA or Switzerland, visit Your Online Choices at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ .

—Rockstar Games

To delete your Rockstar Games Social Club account or, depending on your location, submit a request to object, delete, restrict, correct, or receive a copy of the personal information collected about you by Rockstar, sign in to your Social Club account, go to http://rsg.ms/account, and follow the instructions. We will respond to data requests within 30 days. To the extent these rights apply to you, they may be limited in some situations – for example when we are under a legal requirement or have a compelling interest for processing your personal information, or when the information is protected by trade secret. If you have unresolved concerns, where applicable, you may also have the right to complain to a data protection authority. Alternatively, if you do not have access to your Social Club account and wish to make a request, please contact Take-Two using the details provided in the Contact Us section below.

If you are unable to log in to your Social Club account, or you do not have access to your Social Club account, and wish to delete your Social Club account, please email [email protected] from the same email account you used to join Social Club, include your Social Club nickname in the message, and include "Delete Account" in the subject line.

As described in the How We Use Information section above, when you use certain features your activity is public. Even if you delete your account or data, some activity information may still appear, including on certain gameplay boards including those hosted by third parties, such as console manufacturers (and copies hosted on Social Club).

—2K

To make a data request and depending on your location, submit a request to object, delete, restrict, correct, or receive a copy of the personal information collected about you by 2K, go to https://2kgam.es/datarequests . We will respond to data requests within 30 days. To the extent these rights apply to you, they may be limited in some situations – for example when we are under a legal requirement or have a compelling interest for processing your personal information, or when the personal information is protected by trade secret. If you have unresolved concerns, where applicable, you may also have the right to complain to a data protection authority. Alternatively, if you wish to make a data request, please contact Take-Two using the details provided in the Contact Us section below.

To delete your 2K Account, sign in to your 2K Account, go to https://support.2k.com/hc/en-us/requests/new, and follow the instructions. If you are unable to log in to your 2K Account and wish to delete your 2K Account, please email [email protected] from the same email account you used to register your 2K Account with “Delete 2K Account” in the subject line.

—Private Division

To make a data request and depending on your location, submit a request to object, delete, restrict, correct, or receive a copy of the information collected about you by Private Division, go to https://pvtdi.vision/datarequests . We will respond to data requests within 30 days. To the extent these rights apply to you, they may be limited in some situations – for example when we are under a legal requirement or have a compelling interest to process your personal information, or when the personal information is protected by trade secret. If you have unresolved concerns, where applicable, you may also have the right to complain to a data protection authority. Alternatively, if you wish to make a data request, please contact Take-Two using the details in the Contact Us section provided below.

—Social Point

To unsubscribe from Social Point’s marketing or newsletter list, please email [email protected] from the same email account you used to sign up to that list with "Unsubscribe" in the subject line.

To make a data request and depending on your location, submit a request to object, delete, restrict, correct, or receive a copy of the personal information collected about you by Social Point, please do the following:

Go to the settings section in any Social Point game application;

Tap on Support;

Tap on any topic;

Tap again on any topic;

You should now see a “contact us” text in the top right-hand side of the screen, tap on this;

Select “Privacy Policy”; and

Provide us the details of the data subject right you wish to exercise.

We will respond to data requests within 30 days. To the extent these rights apply to you, they may be limited in some situations – for example when we are under a legal requirement or have a compelling interest for processing your personal information, or when the personal information is protected by trade secret. If you have unresolved concerns, where applicable, you may also have the right to complain to a data protection authority. Alternatively, if you wish to make a data request, please contact Take-Two using the details provided in the Contact Us section below.

—Ghost Story Games

To make a data request and depending on your location, submit a request to object, delete, restrict, correct, or receive a copy of the personal information collected about you by Ghost Story Games, go to https://www.ghoststorygames.com/privacy-data-requests/ . We will respond to data requests within 30 days. To the extent these rights apply to you, they may be limited in some situations – for example when we are under a legal requirement or have a compelling interest for processing your personal information, or when the personal information is protected by trade secret. If you have unresolved concerns, where applicable, you may also have the right to complain to a data protection authority. Alternatively, if you wish to make a data request please contact Take-Two using the details provided in the Contact Us section below.

—Take-Two Interactive


