Title: Our privacy notice and you
URL: https://www.nestle.com/aboutus/businessprinciples/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: nestlé, data, personal, provide, notice, ask, privacy, process, need, purposes
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   Whenever we ask you to provide us with any Personal Data, you will be told why we need it and how it will be used. Your Personal Data will only be processed for the purposes set out in our Privacy Notice, or any other further purposes notified to you before the processing begins. If you choose not to provide Personal Data when we ask you, this may limit the services we can offer you. For example, if you do not provide your address, we cannot deliver your order.  If you share Personal Data with us, you have a right to (i) request access (i.e. to ask us what data we have about you, and obtain a copy), (ii) ask for changes to be made or (iii) to have the data deleted. This can be done by logging into your account orcontacting us.  You can also opt-out of marketing communications by (i) clicking on the “unsubscribe” link provided in each email/SMS you might receive; (ii) changing preferences via your account or bycontacting us.For cookies and similar technologies, you can manage your preferences through our Cookie Consent Tool in the bottom right corner of your screen and find more information in ourCookies notice.You may also have the right to (i) request the transfer of your Personal Data to another company; or to (ii) object to the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances. You can make a complaint  If you are concerned about a possible interference with your privacy or misuse of your Personal Data by us you cancontact usto make a complaint. We hope we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your Personal Data. However, if you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to competent data protection authorities. Find out more:Your rights   Data security and retention  We use a variety of measures to keep your Personal Data confidential and secure, including restricting access to your Personal Data on a need to know basis and following appropriate security standards to protect your data.  We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data is only processed for the minimum period necessary in connection with: (i) the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice; (ii) any additional purposes notified to you at or before the time of collection of the relevant Personal Data or commencement of the relevant processing; or (iii) as required or permitted by applicable law; and thereafter, for the duration of any applicable limitation period. In short, once your Personal Data is no longer required, we will destroy or delete it in a secure manner.  Find out more:Retention of personal data   Contact us  Nestlé S.A and the relevant Nestlé entity in your country of residence acts as “controllers” of your Personal Data that is processed under, or in connection with, this Privacy Notice. If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Notice or Nestlé’s Personal Data collection and processing practices, pleasecontact us, or email[email protected]or mail us at:  Data Protection OfficeNestlé S.A.Avenue Nestlé 551800 VeveySwitzerland    For more information, read the fullPrivacy Notice.  