Title: Internet Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.wpp.com/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, website, wpp, collect, personal, consent, cookies, provide, privacy, information, user, internet
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   You are entitled to ask:  1. for a copy of the personal information we hold about you, and details about how we are processing your personal information;  2. to have any inaccuracies in your personal information corrected;  3. if we are processing your personal information by automated means and on the basis of your consent (see “How do we use it?”, above), for us to provide your personal information to you in a structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format. You can also ask us to provide your personal information directly to a third party in this format, and, if technically feasible, we will do so; and  4. to have your personal information erased, or for our use of it to be restricted (for example, if your preferences change, or if you don’t want us to send you the information you have requested).  Please contact us using the details set out below if you would like to exercise any of these rights.  You also have the right to make a complaint to the supervisory authority if you’re not happy with how we’ve handled your personal information. In the UK, the supervisory authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office (http://www.ico.org.uk).  How to contact us  If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal information or if you have any queries about how we use your personal information, please let us know by contacting us at the following address: WPP plc. Sea Containers, 18 Upper Ground, London, SE1 9GL, United Kingdom, or by email atenquiries@wpp.com.  Changes to this privacy policy  We review this privacy policy on a regular basis to ensure that it is up-to-date with our use of your personal information, and compliant with applicable data protection laws.  We reserve the right, at our discretion, to revise this privacy policy at any time. The updated privacy policy will be posted on our website. You are encouraged to review this privacy policy from time to time.  Chief Privacy Officer  The Chief Privacy Officer is Vicky Brown. Please send any enquiries by email toenquiries@wpp.com. 