Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.politico.com/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, sites, collect, data, personal, services, email, politico, privacy, information, applications
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   Reviewing, Updating, Changing or Deleting Your Registration Data If you register with us, you have the opportunity to review, update, change or delete the registration data we have collected about you at any time by editing your personal data in your POLITICO or POLITICO PRO account settings or by sending an e-mail to us at[email protected]. You may request deletion of your registration data by us, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, but please note that we may be required to keep such information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from our active database, but may remain in our archives. We may also retain your information for fraud prevention or similar purposes. Rights for Individuals in the EEA Individuals in the EEA and other jurisdictions have certain legal rights to obtain confirmation of whether we hold personal data about them, to access personal data we hold about them, and to obtain its correction, update, amendment, or deletion in appropriate circumstances. You may also have rights to object to our handling of your personal data, restrict our processing of your personal data, and to withdraw any consent you have provided. To exercise these rights, please contact us as described below with the nature of your request. While we strongly encourage you to first raise any questions or concerns about your personal data with us, you also have a right to contact the relevant supervisory authority. Many of the rights described here are subject to significant limitations and exceptions under applicable law (e.g., objections to the processing of personal data, and withdrawals of consent, typically will not have retroactive effect). Individuals in the EEA may click on the following link to modify their consent choices with respect to cookies used by Politico’s advertising partners on the Site or Application:Change your data collection preferences Your California Privacy Rights If you are a California resident, you may have certain rights. California law may permit you to request that we: Provide you the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information.Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you.Delete certain information we have about you. You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you (if any). You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need certain types of information so that we can provide the Services to you and for compliance with applicable law. If you ask us to delete certain information, you may no longer be able to access or use the Services. California customers may request, once per year, that we disclose the identity of any third parties with whom we have shared personal information for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes within the previous calendar year, along with the type of personal information disclosed. California residents under age 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications may request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted. Your request should include a detailed description of the specific content or information to be removed. Please be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances. If would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at[email protected]. You may be required to verify your identify before we fulfill your request. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. To do so, you must provide us with written authorization or a power of attorney, signed by you, for the agent to act on your behalf. You will still need to verify your identity directly with us. Information for Nevada Residents Under Nevada law, certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of “personally identifiable information” for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons. “Personally identifiable information” includes first and last name, address, email address, phone number, Social Security Number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online. If you are a Nevada resident who has purchased or leased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to opt out of any potential future sales under Nevada law by emailing us at[email protected]. Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request. Opting Out of Newsletters If you have subscribed to one of our e-mail newsletters, you will always have the opportunity to unsubscribe from future mailings by logging into to your account and modifying your preferences. You will also have the opportunity to “opt-out” of commercial e-mail from the applicable POLITICO service by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information above). If you have elected to participate in our survey panel, you may elect whether you would like to receive e-mail notices of new surveys by logging into your account and modifying your preferences. Cookie Choices If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept cookies for any of the purposes described above, then you can instruct your browser or mobile device, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites and/or applications. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of, or all functionalities of, the Sites or Applications, as applicable. If you have any questions about how to disable or modify cookies, please let us know at the contact information provided above. Cookie management tools will not remove flash cookies. Learn how tomanage privacy and storage settingsfor flash cookies. SNS Linking If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to have your SNS account linked to your POLITICO or POLITICO PRO membership account, please refer to the privacy settings of the SNS to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between the Sites and/or Application with your social media account. Location Tracking If have elected to allow us to track your location information on your mobile device and you later decide you no longer want us to collect your location information, you can disable location services through your mobile device’s application settings. Uninstalling Our Application You can stop all collection of information by the Application by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. Our Limited License to You. The materials available through this Site are our property of or the property of our affiliates or licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. You may use the Site, and materials on the Site, for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. You may not decompile or reverse engineer any part of the Site. You may not otherwise download, republish, retransmit or reproduce any of the materials (including any video or still photographs) without the prior written consent of the owner. You may not distribute copies of materials found on this Site in any form (including by email or other electronic means) without prior written permission from the owner. Of course, you're free to encourage others to access the information themselves on our Site and to tell them how to find it. Your License to Us. The Site may include interactive features that allow you to post, submit, publish, display, or transmit material to the Site and/or to other Site users (“User Content”) By submitting User Content to us, you are representing that you are the owner of the User Content, or are making your submission with the express consent of the owner. By submitting User Content to any public posting areas of this Site, such as any message boards, classifieds, forums, or community publishing areas, you agree that we, including our partners, agents, affiliates and service providers (collectively, "Third Party Providers"), may reproduce, modify, and distribute such User Content as we see fit in any medium and for any purpose. You grant us the world-wide, royalty free and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish such User Content on the Site. You also grant us the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such User Content (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. You also agree that we, including our Third Party Providers, may identify you as the author of any of your postings by name, email address or screen name as we see appropriate. We also reserve the right (but assume no obligation) to delete, move, or edit any User Content that comes to our attention that we consider unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons. Trademarks.The Politico trademarks, service marks, product and service names, and other corporate indicia (the "Politico Marks") are the property of POLITICO LLC. You agree not to display or use in any manner any of Politico Marks without our prior written permission. Links.You may establish a hypertext link to this Site so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of or affiliation with you or your site by us. No Framing.You may not, without our prior written permission, frame any of the content of the Site, or incorporate into another website or other service any material, content or intellectual property belonging to us, our parent or affiliate companies, or any of their licensors. Associated Press Materials.Some of the material on our Site may be provided by the Associated Press. The following provision applies to all visitors (which shall include persons and representatives of legal entities, whether such representatives are persons or digital engines of a kind that crawls, indexes, scrapes, copies, stores or transmits digital content). By accessing this Site, you specifically acknowledge and agree that (1) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium; (2) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (3) The Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (4) The Associated Press is an intended third party beneficiary of these terms and conditions and it may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (5) The Associated Press reserves the right to audit your use of AP materials or any portion thereof at any time.  If you are a copyright owner who believes your copyrighted material has been reproduced, posted or distributed via the Site in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please inform our designated copyright agent by sending written notice by U.S. Mail to Copyright Agent, Politico, 1000 Wilson Blvd., 8th Floor, Arlington, VA 22209 and /or by email to[email protected]Please include the following information in your written notice: (1) a detailed description of the copyrighted work that is allegedly infringed upon; (2) a description of the location of the allegedly infringing material on the Site; (3) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and, if available, email address; (4) a statement by you indicating that you have a good-faith belief that the allegedly infringing use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (5) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, affirming that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf; and (6) an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or someone authorized on the owner's behalf to assert infringement of copyright and to submit the statement. Please note that the contact information provided in this paragraph is for suspected copyright infringement only. Contact information for other matters is provided elsewhere in these Terms or on the Site.