Title: A Privacy Policy You Can Actually Understand
URL: https://www.tunnelbear.com/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, information, request, data, personal, access, actually, provide, required, privacy, understand, service, tunnelbear
Policy: 
If our organization structure changes (e.g., we undergo a restructuring or are acquired), we may need to migrate your Personal Data to a third party related to a business transaction, but, we will ensure that such a third party has entered into an agreement under which the use of your Personal Data is only related to purposes necessary for the transaction.

In the event TunnelBear is served with a valid subpoena, warrant or other legal document and applicable law requires TunnelBear to comply, the extent of disclosure is limited to the Personal Data listed within this Privacy Notice.

We may send data to third-party service providers who operate services that help us with: customer support; email; hosting, protecting, and securing the TunnelBear infrastructure; DDoS prevention; payment processing; as well as understanding website analytics, account and payment related service usage.

Except as described below, TunnelBear will NOT disclose any Personal Data to other commercial parties under any circumstance:

Should you have any concerns about how your Personal Data is handled or questions about this Privacy Policy, feel free to contact us at privacy (at) tunnelbear.com

Any Personal Data you provide to TunnelBear will be administered according to the following principles:

TunnelBear does NOT store users' originating IP addresses when connected to our service and thus cannot identify users when provided IP addresses of our servers. Additionally, we cannot disclose information about the applications, services, or websites our users consume while connected to our Services; as TunnelBear does NOT store this information.

2.3 Consent and Legitimate Interest

When you sign up for our Service and provide us Personal Data, you allow us to process that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We rely on legitimate interest for marketing, research, and fraud prevention. We will obtain your consent where required by law.

You have the right to ask us not to contact you. To exercise your choices or ask questions about your Personal Data, please contact us by visiting our privacy center.

2.4 Limiting Collection

We take great care to not collect Personal Data indiscriminately and limit collection to the minimum necessary information required to operate our service. By limiting the collection of data, we help to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Data.

2.5 Limiting Use, Disclosure, and Retention

We will not use your Personal Data for any purpose that you have not consented to. TunnelBear will NOT sell or trade Personal Data for commercial purposes.

Only TunnelBear's employees with a business need to know or whose duties require, are granted access to our customers' Personal Data. All such employees will be required as a condition of employment to respect the confidentiality of our customers' Personal Data.

We store your Personal Data only as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is collected, to provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. We erase or destroy the records containing Personal Data when they are no longer required; this will be done in ways that will ensure your continued privacy.

2.6 Accuracy

It is your responsibility to inform TunnelBear of any relevant changes in your Personal Data by updating your account information.

2.7 Safeguards

TunnelBear uses exceptionally strong safeguards to protect the privacy of all our records, including your Personal Data. We implement physical, business and technical security measures. These strong safeguards are designed to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, loss, theft, copying, use or modification to your Personal Data.

2.8 Openness and Transparency

So that you can be confident that we are handling your Personal Data appropriately, we take extraordinary measures to document our policies and provide openness and transparency around the data we collect, why we collect it and how we handle it.

2.9 Individual Access

If at any time you have a question about our records containing your Personal Data, we will do our best to answer it. You have the right to be told about the kind of Personal Data we maintain and how it is used. Upon request, we will provide you with information regarding the existence, use and disclosure of your Personal Data.

2.10 Individual Access

If you are visiting from the European Union, please note that by providing your Personal Data, you consent to any transfer of your Personal Data to Canada and processing of your Personal Data globally in accordance with this Policy.

2.11 Rights of Access, Rectification, Erasure, and Restriction

You have the right to inquire as to whether TunnelBear is Processing Personal Data about you, request access to Personal Data, and ask that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Data where it is inaccurate.

Visit TunnelBear's privacy center to request access to, receive (port), seek rectification, or request erasure of Personal Data held about you by TunnelBear.

To protect your privacy, TunnelBear requires you to login to your account with a username and password before granting you access to or allowing you to make any changes to your Personal Data.

TunnelBear makes good faith efforts to provide you with the ability to delete your Personal Data, however there may be circumstances in which TunnelBear is unable to delete all your Personal Data. For example, we are unable to delete it where we are legally required to keep it, including where we need it to continue to offer you the service or if you are involved in litigation with us, we would be required to retain your personal data, which is limited to the fields we discuss above in 1.2, 1.3 and 1.4.

If TunnelBear determines that your Personal Data cannot be deleted, we will explain why and provide a contact for further inquiries.

If you have any questions about our privacy practices, this Privacy Policy, or how to lodge a complaint with the appropriate authority, please contact TunnelBear by email at privacy (at) tunnelbear.com. We will address your concerns and attempt to resolve any privacy issues in a timely manner.

If your privacy concerns or complaints are not addressed to your satisfaction by TunnelBear you may contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada for further guidance at:

Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada

30 Victoria Street

Gatineau, Quebec K1A 1H3

Toll-free: 1-800-282-1376

Phone: (819) 994-5444

TTY: (819) 994-6591

www.priv.gc.ca

Residents of California

Your California Privacy Rights - Shine the Light Law

TunnelBear does not share information that identifies you personally with non-affiliated third parties for our own marketing use without your permission.

California Consumer Privacy Act

If you are a resident of California, you may exercise your rights in Personal Data by visiting TunnelBear's privacy center to request access to, receive (port), seek rectification, or request erasure of Personal Data held about you by TunnelBear. For purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act, TunnelBear does not "sell" your Personal Data.

Residents of Nevada

TunnelBear does not sell information that identifies you personally with non-affiliated third parties. TunnelBear will not sell or trade Personal Data for commercial purposes.


