Title: The Guardian
URL: https://www.theguardian.com/help/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: reading, policy, guardian, themthis, useful, manage, switch, kinds, provides, themwhat, cookies

Reduced Policy:   You have a number of rights with regard to the personal data that we hold about you and you can contact us with regard to the following rights in relation to your personal data:  You have the right to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about youYou have the right to correct the personal data we hold about youWhere applicable, you may also have a right to receive a machine-readable copy of your personal dataYou also have the right to ask us to delete your personal data or restrict how it is used, consistent with the GDPR. There may be exceptions to the right to erasure for specific legal reasons which, if applicable, we will set out for you in response to your requestWhere applicable, you have the right to object to processing of your personal data for certain purposesWhere you have provided us with consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw this at any timeIf you do not want us to use your personal data for marketing analysis, you can change your settings in the “Emails and marketing” tab of your Guardian account  If you would like to exercise any of your rights specified above, please email dataprotection@theguardian.com or write to the Data Protection Officer at Guardian News & Media Limited, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1 9GU. We will deal with requests within one month.  We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity. If your request is complicated or if you have made a large number of requests, it may take us longer. We will let you know if we need longer than one month to respond. You will not have to pay a fee to obtain a copy of your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.   Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, California Civil Code Section 1798.100, if you are a resident of California you may contact us with regard to the following rights in relation to your personal data:  Right of Access: You have a right to request access to the personal data we may hold on you for the past twelve (12) months. You may submit up to two (2) requests per year of access to your personal data.Right to Opt-In/Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Data: For individuals sixteen (16) years or older, you have the right to opt-out of sale of personal data we may hold on you. You can exercise this right at any time by pressing the “California resident - Do not sell” link in the footer of every page. For individuals between thirteen (13) to sixteen (16) years old, you have the right to opt-in to the sale of personal data we may hold on you.Right to Deletion: You also have the right to ask us to delete personal data we may hold on you or restrict how it is used. There may be exceptions to the right to deletion for specific legal reasons which, if applicable, we will set out for you in response to your request.Right to Non-Discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your California Consumer Privacy Act rights.  If you want to make any of these requests, please contactdataprotection@theguardian.comor by calling our designated toll-free number (888) 777-6069. We will deal with requests for access to your personal data within forty-five (45) days for California-specific requests.  To help us respond as you expect, please specify that you are making a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity.   Your rights to privacy are also protected by the Australian Privacy Principles in force under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). These privacy laws place requirements on us to treat your personal information collected in line with those principles, including to disclose to you what personal information we collect about you and how we use it, to store your information securely and to allow you to exercise the following rights:  Right of access to the personal information held about you; andRight of correction to correct your information when it is incorrect.  These principles and rights are reflected throughout this privacy policy.  If you have contacted us atdataprotection@theguardian.comwith a privacy related complaint and you are not satisfied with our handling of that complaint, you may refer that complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner:  GPO BOX 5218, Sydney NSW 2001T 1300 363 992E enquiries@oaic.gov.au 