Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.format.com/privacy_policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, end, personal, services, provide, application, privacy, information, user, users
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   Where applicable law requires (and subject to any relevant exceptions under law), you may have the right to access, update, change or delete personal information.  You can access, update, change or delete personal information (or that of your End Users) either directly in your Account or by contacting us atprivacy@format.comto request the required changes. You can exercise your other rights (including deleting your Account) by contacting us at the same email address.  You can also elect not to receive marketing communications by changing your preferences in your Account or by following the unsubscribe instruction in such communications.  Please note that, for technical reasons, there is likely to be a delay in deleting your personal Information from our systems when you ask us to delete it. We also will retain personal Information in order to comply with the law, protect our and others’ rights, resolve disputes or enforce our legal terms or policies, to the extent permitted under applicable law.  You may have the right to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information or to exercise a right to data portability under applicable law. You also may have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority, subject to applicable law. If you are subject to EU data protection laws, we suggest you lodge any such complaints with our lead supervisory authority:  Irish Data Protection CommissionerOffice of the Data Protection CommissionerCanal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois, R32 AP23, IrelandPhone +353 57 868 4757Fax: +353 57 868 4757Email:info@dataprotection.ie  Additionally, if we rely on consent for the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw it at any time and free of charge. When you do so, this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal.  OurCookie Policyexplains how you can manage cookies and similar technologies.  If you are an End User of one of our Users’ Portfolios, you should contact them to exercise your rights with respect to any information they hold about you.  Data Transfers  Personal information that you submit through the Services may be transferred to countries other than where you live, such as, for example, to servers in the United States. We also store personal information locally on the devices you use to access the Services.  Your personal information may be transferred to countries that do not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information.  In such cases, we continue to protect the information with appropriate safeguards, but it may be subject to the legal jurisdiction of those countries and governmental authorities in those countries. 