Title: Our privacy policy
URL: https://www.vodafone.com/about/privacy-centre/our-privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: advertising, policy, cookie, id, web, targeted, online, provide, privacy, used, user, set
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:  If you believe any of the personal data we hold about you is incorrect, you can request we update it. Right to access personal data You have a right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you, and how it has been processed. Right to data portability In some circumstances, you have the right to receive the personal information about you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit this data to a third party. Right to object to use of personal data Where we are processing your data for the purposes of direct marketing, or any legitimate interests that Vodafone is reliant upon, you can object at any time to this processing. Right to restrict use of your data In some circumstances, you can request that we temporarily suspend the processing of your data. Right to erasure In some circumstances, such as where we no longer have a justifiable reason to continue to process your data, you can request we delete it. How to lodge a complaint If you have a complaint, you can contact us on the details provided. We’ll do our best to help but if you’re still unhappy, you can contact the ICO, which is the UK data protection regulator – their details are atwww.ico.org.uk. You have a right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you, and how it has been processed. Right to data portability In some circumstances, you have the right to receive the personal information about you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit this data to a third party. Right to object to use of personal data Where we are processing your data for the purposes of direct marketing, or any legitimate interests that Vodafone is reliant upon, you can object at any time to this processing. Right to restrict use of your data In some circumstances, you can request that we temporarily suspend the processing of your data. Right to erasure In some circumstances, such as where we no longer have a justifiable reason to continue to process your data, you can request we delete it. How to lodge a complaint If you have a complaint, you can contact us on the details provided. We’ll do our best to help but if you’re still unhappy, you can contact the ICO, which is the UK data protection regulator – their details are atwww.ico.org.uk. In some circumstances, you have the right to receive the personal information about you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit this data to a third party. Right to object to use of personal data Where we are processing your data for the purposes of direct marketing, or any legitimate interests that Vodafone is reliant upon, you can object at any time to this processing. Right to restrict use of your data In some circumstances, you can request that we temporarily suspend the processing of your data. Right to erasure In some circumstances, such as where we no longer have a justifiable reason to continue to process your data, you can request we delete it. How to lodge a complaint If you have a complaint, you can contact us on the details provided. We’ll do our best to help but if you’re still unhappy, you can contact the ICO, which is the UK data protection regulator – their details are atwww.ico.org.uk. Where we are processing your data for the purposes of direct marketing, or any legitimate interests that Vodafone is reliant upon, you can object at any time to this processing. Right to restrict use of your data In some circumstances, you can request that we temporarily suspend the processing of your data. Right to erasure In some circumstances, such as where we no longer have a justifiable reason to continue to process your data, you can request we delete it. How to lodge a complaint If you have a complaint, you can contact us on the details provided. We’ll do our best to help but if you’re still unhappy, you can contact the ICO, which is the UK data protection regulator – their details are atwww.ico.org.uk. In some circumstances, you can request that we temporarily suspend the processing of your data. Right to erasure In some circumstances, such as where we no longer have a justifiable reason to continue to process your data, you can request we delete it. How to lodge a complaint If you have a complaint, you can contact us on the details provided. We’ll do our best to help but if you’re still unhappy, you can contact the ICO, which is the UK data protection regulator – their details are atwww.ico.org.uk. In some circumstances, such as where we no longer have a justifiable reason to continue to process your data, you can request we delete it. How to lodge a complaint If you have a complaint, you can contact us on the details provided. We’ll do our best to help but if you’re still unhappy, you can contact the ICO, which is the UK data protection regulator – their details are atwww.ico.org.uk.