Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.pulsesecure.net/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, website, request, pulse, data, personal, provide, privacy, information, service, secure
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   The CCPA provides Consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. This section describes Your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.   You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to You about our collection and use of Your Personal Information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm Your verifiable Consumer request, we will disclose to You:  The categories of Personal Information we collected about You.The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about You.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information.The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information.The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about You (also called a data portability request).If we sold or disclosed Your Personal Information for a business purpose, consisting of two separate lists disclosing:  sales, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient purchased; anddisclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.   You have the right to request that we delete any of Your Personal Information that we collected from You and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm Your verifiable Consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) Your Personal Information from our and their records, unless an exception applies.  We may deny Your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:  Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that You requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with You, or otherwise perform our contract with You.Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if You previously provided informed consent.Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with Consumer expectations based on Your relationship with us.Comply with a legal obligation.Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which You provided it.   To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable Consumer request to us by sending us an email atprivacy@pulsesecure.netor by calling us at toll-free number 844-807-8573 or by reaching out to us in a manner prescribed in our Privacy Policy. Only You, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that You authorize to act on Your behalf, may make a verifiable Consumer request related to Your personal information. You may also make a verifiable Consumer request on behalf of Your minor child.  You may only make a verifiable Consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable Consumer request must:  Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify You are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.Describe Your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.  We cannot respond to Your request or provide You with Personal Information if we cannot verify Your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to You. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable Consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.   If You are 16 years of age or older and have previously opted-in to the sale of Your Personal Information, You have the right to direct us to not sell Your Personal Information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). We do not sell the Personal Information of Consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to Personal Information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, You (or Your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by sending us an email atprivacy@pulsesecure.netor by calling us at toll-free number 844-807-8573 or by reaching out to us in a manner prescribed in our Privacy Policy.  Once You make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking You to reauthorize personal information sales. However, You may change Your mind and opt back in to Personal Information sales at any time by visiting our website and sending us a message. We will only use Personal Information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. 