Title: Online Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.cargill.com/page/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, sites, cargill, web, personal, collect, online, provide, site, privacy, information
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   In some circumstances, you have a right to request the erasure of your Personal Information or for a restriction on its use, to object to its use, to receive it in a portable format or to have it transmitted to another organization. You may also request that we no longer send you direct marketing communications. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the contact details below.  Where you have the right under applicable law, such as in the EEA, you may complain to a Data Protection Authority if you think we have processed your Personal Information in a manner which is unlawful or breaches your rights.  How Long Do We Retain Your Information?  We may keep your Personal Information for as long as is necessary for our business purposes, and in particular to protect ourselves in the event of a legal claim. After this period, your Personal Information will be deleted or, in some instances, anonymized. If you subsequently withdraw your consent and we have no other lawful basis to continue processing your Personal Information, we will delete your Personal Information.  Security  Although we take commercially reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information. For this reason, we urge users to take every precaution to protect their Personal Information while using the Internet.  Password Protection. Certain areas of our Sites are password protected. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your passwords. We have the right to assume that anyone accessing one of our Sites using a password assigned to you has the right to do so. You will be solely responsible for the activities of anyone accessing our Sites using a password assigned to you, even if the individual is not, in fact authorized by you. If you have reason to believe that your password has been compromised or used without authorization, you must promptly change it using the functionality provided on the Site.  Links to Other Cargill Web Sites and Digital Applications  Cargill operates many different Web sites and digital apps, each with its own content, features, and functionality. Each Cargill Web site and digital app serves a different purpose. For this reason, not all of our Web sites and digital apps are governed by this Privacy Policy. When you use a link on one of our Sites to access another Cargill Web site, take a minute to review the privacy policy posted on that Web site.  Links to Third-Party Web Sites  This Site may also contain links to Web sites operated by other companies, including websites operated by our third-party service providers, and unrelated third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Information collected on any of these other Web sites. When you access third-party Web sites through a link on one of our Sites, please take a few minutes to review the privacy policy posted on that site.  Children's Privacy  Our Sites are not directed at children under the age of 13. We do not use our Sites to knowingly solicit Personal Information from or market to children under the age of 13, or the relevant minimum age under applicable local legal requirements, except as permitted under applicable law.  California Consumers  If you reside in California, we are required to provide additional information to you about how we use and disclose your information, and you may have additional rights with regard to how we use your information. We have included this California-specific information below.  Consistent with the "What Personal Information Do We Collect Through Our Sites?" section above, we collect certain categories and specific pieces of information about individuals that are considered "Personal Information" in California. As detailed above, we may collect this Personal Information from you and other third parties. We collect, share and disclose Personal Information for the business and commercial purposes described in the "How Does Cargill Use Your Personal Information?" and "To Whom Do We Disclose Personal Information?" section above.  We do not knowingly share the Personal Information of individuals under 16 years of age, in a manner that constitutes a "sale" under California law.  Subject to certain exceptions, as a California consumer, you have the right to: (i) access your Personal Information; (ii) obtain deletion of your Personal Information; (iii) receive information about the Personal Information about you that we have "sold" (as such term is defined under California law) to third parties within the past 12 months; and (iv) opt-out of the "sale" of your Personal Information, including as detailed above in the "Cookies and Similar Technologies" section.] To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may be required to retain some of your Personal Information, and certain Personal Information is strictly necessary in order for us to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.  Do Not Sell My Information. If we sell your Personal Information to a third party, you have the right to request that your Personal Information is not included in the sale of any data. This is referred to as the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information. To opt-out of the "sale" of your Personal Information as described in this section, clickhere.Exercising other California consumer rights. Should you wish to request the exercise of your other rights as detailed above with regard to your Personal Information, we will not discriminate against you by offering you different pricing, products or services, or by providing you with a different level or quality of products or services, based solely upon this request. Please see the "Contact us" section below if you have questions or clickhereor call us toll free at 1-800-227-4455 to exercise such rights.If you are a California consumer and you wish to exercise your rights as outlined in this section, you may need to provide information such as name and e-mail so that we can verify your identity. We will use the information you provide when exercising your rights for no other purpose other than to verify your identity.  You also have the option of designating an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf.  For authorized agents submitting requests on behalf of California residents, please contact Cargill as described below, with any evidence you have that you have been authorized by a California consumer to submit a request on their behalf.  International transfers  Cargill is a global organization doing business in many countries and we may transfer your Personal Information across national borders for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Our headquarters are in Wayzata, Minnesota in the United States of America. Our Web servers and databases are located in the United States or in other countries and the information on these servers and databases may be accessed by our staff (or staff of our service providers) located in other countries where they have a “need to know”. Different countries have different privacy laws and requirements, and some, including the United States, provide less legal protection for your Personal Information than others. Please know, however, that no matter where your Personal Information is collected, used, transferred or stored, if it was collected through our Sites, it will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and any privacy notices or click-through agreements that apply to you.  With respect to Personal Information from the EEA, we have implemented a legal mechanism known as ‘Binding Corporate Rules’ to provide appropriate safeguards to protect Personal Information from the EEA when it is transferred to another Cargill company. A summary of our Binding Corporate Rules for Business Information may be foundhere.  With respect to Personal Information from the EEA, please note that some of our service providers may be members of the EU-US Privacy Shield (seehttps://www.privacyshield.gov/list). Alternatively, where necessary, it is our practice to implement other means of providing appropriate safeguards for Personal Information transferred from the EEA.  BY USING THIS SITE, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE COLLECTION, USE, AND TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN OR TO THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER COUNTRY IN THE WORLD.  WHERE YOU HAVE THE RIGHT UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, SUCH AS IN THE EEA, YOU MAY WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT AT ANY TIME BY CONTACTING US. PLEASE NOTE THAT IN THE EVENT THAT YOU WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT, WE MAY STILL BE REQUIRED OR PERMITTED BY LAW TO COLLECT, USE AND DISCLOSE SOME OR ALL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.  Contact us  If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, contact us at:  Send an e-mail to Global Privacy Office:[email protected]  or  Write to us at:Web Privacy Inquiries CargillCorporate Affairs #50Cargill, IncorporatedPO Box 9300Minneapolis, MN55440-9300  If you wish to access, update, correct, or otherwise exercise your rights in regard to your Personal Information, please clickhere.  Business Information Notice  How we use personal information collected about you in a business context. 