Title: PayPal
URL: https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: account, sites, provide, data, including, personal, information, privacy, paypal, services

Reduced Policy:   Subject to limitations set out in EEA data protection laws, you have certain rights in respect of your Personal        Data.  In particular, you have a right of access, rectification, restriction, opposition, erasure and data        portability. Please contact us if you wish to exercise these rights.  If you wish to complete an access        request to all personal data that PayPal holds on you, please note that photo identity will be required to prove        your identity.  If you have an Account with any of our Services, you generally can review and edit Personal Data in the Account        by logging in and updating the information directly.  We may use automated decision-making for decisions        concerning credit with your consent or where necessary for the entry into or performance of a contract or        authorised by Union or Member state law.  Pleasecontact usif you require more information on automated-decision making.    11. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?  We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection        for your Personal Data against loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, and alteration.  The security        measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, and information        access authorisation controls.  While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are        responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and Account/profile registration        information and verifying that the Personal Data we maintain about you is accurate and current.  We are not        responsible for protecting any Personal Data that we share with a third-party based on an account connection        that you have authorised.    12. Can Children Use Our Services?  The Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect information,        including Personal Data, from children or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Sites and        Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Data from a child under the age of 16,        we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.Contact usif you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally        collected information from a child under the age of 16.    13. What Else Should You Know?  Changes to this Privacy Statement.  We may revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, the Sites or Services,        or applicable laws.  The revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective        date.  If the revised version includes a substantial change, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting        notice of the change on the “Policy Update” page of our website. We also may notify Users of the        change using email or other means.    14. Contact Us  You may contact us if you have general questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement and supplemental        notices or the way in which we handle your Personal Data.  We want to make sure your questions go to the right place:  Clickhereto contact us about your PayPal account or                transaction, or a card payment made to a merchant.Clickhereto contact us about your Xoom            account  If you are not satisfied by the way in which we address your concerns, you have the right to lodge a complaint        with the Supervisory Authority for data protection in your country.  Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted atdpo@paypal.comorPayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg.    15. Definitions  Accountmeans a PayPal or Xoom member account.Data Controllermeans that PayPal determines the                    purposes and means                    of the processing of Personal Data.Device Informationmeans data                that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such                information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network                connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your                device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation                Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.Geolocation                    Informationmeans information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your location                by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site                triangulation.PayPalmeans PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.                and subsidiaries or affiliates. In this Privacy Statement, PayPal is sometimes referred to as                “we,” “us,” or “our,” depending on the context.Personal Datameans information that can                be associated with an identified or directly or indirectly identifiable natural person.                 “Personal Data” can include, but is not limited to, name, postal address (including                billing and shipping addresses), telephone number, email address, payment card number, other financial                account information, account number, date of birth, and government-issued credentials (e.g.,                driver’s license number, national ID, passport number).Processmeans any method or way that we handle                Personal Data or sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection,                recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, and consultation,                disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination,                restriction, erasure or destruction of Personal Data.Servicesmeans any products, services, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by PayPal.Sitesmeans the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.Technical Usage Datameans                information we collect from your phone, computer or other device that you use to access the Sites or                Services.  Technical Usage Data tells us how you use the Sites and Services, such as what you have                searched for and viewed on the Sites and the way you use our Services, including your IP address,                statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites                and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies.Usermeans an individual who uses the Services or accesses the Sites.    16. Additional Information  The information provided in this section may be specific to customers depending on your region or how you use the        Services. This information is provided to PayPal from third parties whom you may interact when using the        Services.  Banking Regulations Notice for Customers in the EEAGoogle ReCaptcha    Banking Regulations Notice for Customers in the EEA  In general, the Luxembourg laws to which PayPal’s handling of user data is subject (data protection and        bank secrecy) require a higher degree of transparency than most other EU laws. This is why, unlike the vast        majority of providers of internet-based services or financial services in the EU, PayPal has listed in this        Privacy Statement the third party service providers and business partners to whom we may disclose your data,        together with the purpose of disclosure and type of information disclosed. You will find a link to those third        partieshere.  By accepting this Privacy        Statement and maintaining an account with PayPal, you expressly consent to the transfer of your data to those        third parties for the purposes listed.  PayPal may update the list of third parties referred to above every quarter (January 1st, April 1st, July 1st and        October 1st). PayPal will only start transferring any data to any of the new entities or for the new purposes or        data types indicated in each update after 30 days from the date when that list is made public through this        Privacy Statement. You should review the list each quarter on the PayPal website on the dates stated above. If        you do not object to the new data disclosure, within 30 days after the publication of the updated list of third        parties, you are deemed to have accepted the changes to the list and to this Privacy Statement. If you do not        agree with the changes, you may close your account and stop using our services.  In order to provide the PayPal Services, certain of the information we collect (as set out in this Privacy        Statement) may be required to be transferred to other PayPal related companies or other entities, including        those referred to in this section in their capacity as payment providers, payment processors or account holders        (or similar capacities).  You acknowledge that according to their local legislation, such entities may be        subject to laws, regulations, inquiries, investigations, or orders which may require the disclosure of        information to the relevant authorities of the relevant country. Your use of the PayPal Services constitutes        your consent to our transfer of such information to provide you the PayPal Services.  Specifically, you consent to and direct PayPal to do any and all of the following with your information:  Disclose necessary information to: the police and other law enforcement agencies; security forces;                competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies; competent agencies, departments,                regulatory authorities, self-regulatory authorities or organisations (including, without limitation, the                Agencies referenced in the “Agencies” section of the Third Party Provider Listhere) and other third parties, including PayPal Group                companies, that (i) we are legally compelled and permitted to comply with, including but without                limitation the Luxembourg laws of 24 July 2015 on the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act                (“FATCA Law”) and 18 December 2015 on the OECD common reporting standard (“CRS                Law”); (ii) we have reason to believe it is appropriate for us to cooperate with in investigations                of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity, or (iii) to conduct investigations of                violations of our User Agreement (including without limitation, your funding source or credit or debit                card provider).If you are covered by the FATCA or CRS Law, we are required to give you                notice of the information about you that we may transfer to various authorities. Please read more about                PayPal's obligations under the FATCA and CRS Law and how they could affect you as well as take note                of the information we may disclose as result.We and other organisations, including parties                that accept PayPal, may also share, access and use (including from other countries) necessary                information (including, without limitation the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies) to                help us and them assess and to manage risk (including, without limitation, to prevent fraud, money                laundering and terrorist financing). Please contact us if you want to receive further details of the                relevant fraud prevention agencies. For more information on these Agencies, fraud prevention agencies                and other third parties, clickhere.Disclose Account Information to intellectual property right owners if under the applicable national law                of an EU member state they have a claim against PayPal for an out-of-court information disclosure due to                an infringement of their intellectual property rights for which PayPal Services have been used (for                example, but without limitation, Sec. 19, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Trademark Act or Sec. 101,                para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Copyright Act).Disclose necessary information in response to the requirements of the credit card associations or a civil                or criminal legal process.Disclose your name and PayPal link in the PayPal user directory. Your details will be confirmed to other PayPal users in response to a user searching using your name, email address or telephone number, or part of these details. This is to ensure people make payments to the correct user.  This feature can be turned off in the PayPal profile settings.If you as a merchant use a third party to access or integrate PayPal, we may disclose to any such partner                necessary information for the purpose of facilitating and maintaining such an arrangement (including,                without limitation, the status of your PayPal integration, whether you have an active PayPal account and                whether you may already be working with a different PayPal integration partner).Disclose necessary information to the payment processors, auditors, customer services providers, credit                reference and fraud agencies, financial products providers, commercial partners, marketing and public                relations companies, operational services providers, group companies, agencies, marketplaces and other                third parties listedhere. The purpose of this                disclosure is to allow us to provide PayPal Services to you. We also set out in the list of third                parties, under each " Category", non-exclusive examples of the actual third parties (which may                include their assigns and successors) to whom we currently disclose your Account Information or to whom                we may consider disclosing your Account Information, together with the purpose of doing so, and the                actual information we disclose (except as explicitly stated, these third parties are limited by law or                by contract from using the information for secondary purposes beyond the purposes for which the                information was shared).Disclose necessary information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of                attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).Disclose aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. For example, we                may disclose that a specific percentage of our users live in Manchester. However, this aggregated                information is not tied to personal information.Share necessary Account Information with unaffiliated third parties (listedhere) for their use for the following purposes:Fraud Prevention and Risk Management: to help prevent fraud or assess and manage risk. For                        example, if you use the PayPal Services to buy or sell goods using eBay Inc, or its affiliates                        (“eBay”), we may share Account Information with eBay in order to help protect your                        accounts from fraudulent activity, alert you if we detect such fraudulent activity on your                        accounts, or evaluate credit risk.As part of our fraud prevention and risk                        management efforts, we also may share necessary Account Information with eBay in cases where                        PayPal has placed a hold or other restriction on your account based on disputes, claims,                        chargebacks or other scenarios regarding the sale or purchase of goods. Also, as part of our                        fraud prevention and risk management efforts, we may share Account Information with eBay to                        enable them to operate their programmes for evaluating buyers or sellers.Customer Service: for customer service purposes, including to help service your accounts or                        resolve disputes (e.g., billing or transactional).Shipping: in connection with shipping and related services for purchases made using PayPal.Legal Compliance: to help them comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing                        verification requirements.Service Providers: to enable service providers under contract with us to support our business                        operations, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, customer service and                        technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your                        information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.    Google ReCaptcha  PayPal uses ReCaptcha on the Sites and Services. Your use of ReCaptcha is subject to the GooglePrivacy PolicyandTerms of Use.  ReCaptcha is only used to fight spam and abuse.   