Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.mongodb.com/legal/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, website, collect, data, personal, email, products, provide, party, privacy, information
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:  Under certain circumstances, you may have rights under applicable data protection laws in relation to your Personal Data. Where applicable, you may have the right to: Request information about how we collect, process, use and share your Personal Data (commonly known as a “right to know request”). Request accessto your Personal Data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it. Request correctionof the Personal Data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us. Request erasureof your Personal Data (commonly known as a “request to be forgotten”). This enables you to ask us to delete or remove Personal Data. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your Personal Data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply in full with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request. Object to processingof your Personal Data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms. Request restrictionof processing of your Personal Data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your Personal Data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. Request the transferof your Personal Data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. Withdraw consent at any timewhere we are relying on consent to process your Personal Data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent. If you wish to exercise any of the above rights please contactprivacy@mongodb.comor 1-866-692-1371, or fill out the webform available atwww.mongodb.com/legal/privacy-policy/request-for-deletion. You will not have to pay a fee to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of the other rights), and MongoDB does not discriminate based on whether you choose to exercise your choice and rights. We will not, based on your exercise of rights, deny our Products to you, charge you different rates, provide a different level or quality of Products to you, or suggest that you may receive such different treatment. However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that Personal Data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. As part of the verification process, we match the information submitted as part of your request against information stored by MongoDB. In some instances, we will require additional information in order to verify your request. If an authorized third party makes a data subject request on your behalf, we will require sufficient written proof that you have designated them as your authorized agent. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with adata protection authorityif you consider that the processing of your personal information infringes applicable law. If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding our compliance with this notice and applicable data protection laws, we encourage you to first contact ourData Protection Officer. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes and will make every reasonable effort to honour your wish to exercise your rights as quickly as possible and in any event, within the timescales provided by data protection laws.