Title: Privacy Notice
URL: https://www.takeda.com/en-be/privacy-notice/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: takeda, analytics, purposes, data, address, personal, ip, information, google, privacy, notice, website

Policy: This Privacy Notice applies to the website https://www.takeda.com/en-be.

Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited ('Takeda') being strongly committed to protecting your privacy, will make efforts to protect your Personal Data in accordance with the following Website Privacy Notice (“Notice”) which applies to the personal data that it collects and processes about visitors to this website.

Personal Data Takeda collects and Source

Takeda may collect the following information automatically through this website:

Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser-plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;

Information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from this site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.

Takeda may acquire Personal Data from this website such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and professional information only when it is voluntarily submitted to us. While collecting the personal data about you, Takeda will inform you whether the requested information is obligatory or voluntary. If you chose not to provide certain information, this may impact your use of certain resources and could make it impossible for Takeda to provide certain services to you.

Takeda may also work with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical services, advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them.

Legal Basis

Takeda will process your personal data to meet our legitimate business interests, or where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation.

How Takeda uses your Personal Data

Takeda will use Personal Data collected via this website within the scope of the following purposes:

to improve our level of service

to improve the content of our website

to respond to your requests, queries and complaints

for our own internal purposes such as responding to Medical Information Requests, Product Complaints or handling of data relating to Adverse Events

for the purposes of maintaining our relationship with you if you are a customer, supplier or business partner

to consider your application for employment

With Whom Takeda Shares Your Personal Data

Takeda may share personal data about you with other Takeda affiliates where necessary to fulfill a legitimate business purpose or to comply with applicable legal requirements. Takeda may also share your information with selected third parties including:

Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors who provide services to Takeda or on its behalf; and

Analytics and search engine providers that assist Takeda in the improvement and optimization of this site.

In the event that Takeda sells or buys any business or assets, it may disclose your Personal Data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;

If Takeda or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case Personal Data held by it may be one of the transferred assets; or

If Takeda is under a duty to disclose or share your Personal Data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply its Terms of Use and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Takeda, its customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and compliance risk management and also exchanging information with regulatory and health authorities for the purposes of adverse event and product quality issue reporting.

When Takeda entrusts a certain sub-contractor with the handling of Personal Data, Takeda will carefully check and select such sub-contractor and will exercise necessary and appropriate supervision over such sub-contractor in order to ensure the security control of the entrusted data.

Some of Takeda's group companies and/or service providers may be located in countries outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA") whose laws may not afford your Personal Data the same level of protection. Takeda will ensure that all adequate safeguards are in place and that all applicable laws and regulations are complied with in connection with such transfers.

How Takeda protects your Personal Data

Takeda will take reasonable and appropriate physical, administrative and technical safeguards to protect the personal data about you from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Although we will do our best to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, and any transmission of data is at your own risk, it’s important to note that the security of information transmitted over the Internet cannot be guaranteed.

Your rights

Individuals in the EU have certain data subject rights which may be subject to limitations and/or restrictions. These rights include the right to: (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of their personal data; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of their personal data; and (iii) the right to data portability. If you wish to exercise one of the above mentioned rights, please use the contact information below. Individuals in the EU also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of their personal data with their local data protection authority.

You have the right to ask Takeda not to process your Personal Data for marketing purposes. Takeda will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if it intends to use your data for such purposes or if it intends to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by informing Takeda at any time that you do not wish to receive such marketing. Where you wish to exercise this right please use the “unsubscribe” functionality in the relevant communications or refer to the “How to Reach Us” section below.

How long Takeda retains your Personal Data

Personal data will only be stored as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected subject to local laws and regulations and legitimate business needs.

Other important Information

Our website provides links to other third party web sites. The privacy policy described here does not apply to those sites. Please ensure you check the legal and privacy policy sections of any site you access.

Google Analytics

Takeda makes use of Google Analytics which is a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage with their website. Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so they can improve it. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors.

Google Analytics Cookies

Like many services, Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track visitor interactions. These cookies are used to store information, such as what time the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before, and what site referred the visitor to the web page. Browsers do not share first-party cookies across domains.

Use of IP Address

Every computer and device connected to the Internet is assigned a unique number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. Since these numbers are usually assigned in country-based blocks, an IP address can often be used to identify the country, state, and city from which a computer is connecting to the Internet. Google Analytics collects the IP address of website visitors in order to provide website owners a sense of where in the world their visitors come from. This method is known as IP geolocation.

Google Analytics does not report the actual IP address information to Google Analytics customers. Additionally, using a method known as IP masking, website owners that use Google Analytics have the option to tell Google Analytics to only use a portion of the IP address, rather than the entire IP address, for geolocation. Whether or not website owners use Google Analytics, they have access to IP addresses for visitors to their sites.

Personal Data

Personal Data is information that personally identifies you, such as your name, email address or billing information, or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information. The Google Analytics Terms of Service, which all Analytics customers must adhere to, prohibits the tracking or collection of this information using Google Analytics or associating Personal Data with web analytics information.

Google’s Use of Analytics Data

Website owners that use Google Analytics have control over what data they allow Google to use. They can decide if they want Google to use this data or not by using the Google Analytics Data Sharing Options. When these options allow, the data is used to improve Google products and services. Website owners can change these options at any time.

Browser Opt-out

To provide website visitors more choice on how their data is collected by Google Analytics, Google developed the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. The add-on communicates with the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js) to indicate that information about the website visit should not be sent to Google Analytics. The Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on does not prevent information from being sent to the website itself or to other web analytics services.

Learn more about the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on here

How to Reach Us

You can contact us in order to exercise your rights, make inquiries or submit complaints concerning Takeda’s processing of your personal. Takeda will take appropriate steps to address requests, inquiries and complaints. Takeda will respond to such requests within thirty (30) business days.

Contact Details:

Mailing Address: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Legal Department, Takeda Pharmaceuticals International AG, Thurgauerstrasse 130, CH-8152 Glattpark-Opfikon (Zuerich), Switzerland.

Email Address: dataprivacy@takeda.com

Important Information

The Belgian Data Protection Authority is responsible for making sure that privacy law is followed in Belgium. For more information about your privacy rights, or if you are not able to resolve a problem directly with us and wish to make a compliant, contact: Data Protection Authority, Drukpersstraat 35, 1000 Brussels.

This Privacy Notice is effective from May 2018.
***************************************************************


