Title: Free Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/our-privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: services, data, personal, site, information, google, privacy, service, policy, free, website

Reduced Policy:   For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your personal information.  If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information, as described in this Privacy Policy, depends on the information we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. We may process your personal information because:  We need to perform a contract with you, such as when you create a Policy with usYou have given us permission to do soThe processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rightsFor payment processing purposesTo comply with the law  If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:  The right to access, update or to delete the personal information we have on youThe right of rectificationThe right to objectThe right of restrictionThe right to data portabilityThe right to withdraw consent  Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.  You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).  "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" Notice for California consumers under California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)  Under the CCPA, California consumers have the right to:  Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.  If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.  Service Providers  We employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Website ("Service Providers"), to provide our Website on our behalf, to perform Website-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Website is used. These third-parties have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.  Analytics  Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.  You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.  For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/  Payments processors  We provide paid products and/or services on our Website. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).  We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council.  Contacting Us  If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us. 