Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.jagex.com/terms/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: personal, processing, marketing, privacy, data, business, request, legitimate, rights, policy, information

Reduced Policy:   Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. We set out below a brief description of such rights:  To be informed: Individuals have the right to be informed about the collection and use of their personal data. This is a key transparency requirement under the GDPR and DPA 2018. This Privacy and our cookie policy meet this requirement.Request access to your personal data(commonly known as a “data subject access request”): This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.Request rectification of your personal data: This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.Request erasure of your personal data: This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.Object to processingof your personal data: Where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedomsRequest restriction of processing your personal data: This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; or (b) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use itRequest the transferof your personal data to you or to a third party: We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.Withdraw consent at any timewhere we are relying on consent to process your personal data: However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent  If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, pleaseContact us.  NO FEE USUALLY REQUIRED  You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.  WHAT WE MAY NEED FROM YOU  We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.  TIME LIMIT TO RESPOND  We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests, in which case we will inform you of an extension period of up to 2 months as stated in the GDPR and DPA 2018. In this case, we will keep you informed on progress.  10. California Residents: Your California Privacy Rights  The California Consumer Privacy Act (also referred to as the "CCPA") is a privacy-centric bill protecting the privacy of California consumers that will be effective on 1 January, 2020. Please note that the contents below are for California residents only.  RIGHT TO KNOW  If you are a California resident, you may submit free of charge, but not more than twice in a 12-month period, a verifiable request for the following information:  The specific pieces of personal information we have about you;The categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed for a business purpose about you within the last 12 months;The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected; andThe categories of third parties to whom the information was disclosed for a business purpose or otherwise shared.  In sections 2,3 and 4 of this Privacy Policy, we describe the data we collect about you, how your data is collected and how we use your personal data.  To submit a request, please use one of the following methods via our Data Protection Officer's office at Relentless Privacy and Compliance Ltd:  Email us atccpajagex@relentlessdataprivacy.comUse our online webform located atCCPA request  Email requests must include "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field and stateright to know,deletionoropt out.  Within 10 days of receipt, we will confirm receipt of your request.  We will verify your identity as a resident in the state of California and contact you to request that information. If we are not able to verify your identity, we will deny your request. If we deny your request, even if only in part, we will explain the reason in our response.  Once verified, we will provide a substantive response within 45 days, unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you.  RIGHT TO DELETE  If you are a California resident, you may submit a verifiable request for us to delete any personal information we have collected about you.  To submit a request, please email us atccpajagex@relentlessdataprivacy.comor use our online webformCCPA request  Email requests must include "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field and stateright to know,deletionoropt out.  Within 10 days of receipt, we will confirm receipt of your request.  We will verify your identity as a resident in the state of California and contact you to request that information. If we are not able to verify your identity, we will deny your request. If we deny your request, even if only in part, we will explain the reason in our response.  Once verified, we will provide a substantive response within 45 days, unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you.  RIGHT TO OPT OUT  California residents may opt out of the "sale" of their personal information, as defined by the CCPA.  This doesnotinclude when:  You direct us to disclose your personal information or use us to interact with a third party and the third party does not sell the personal information;We use or share an identifier solely to alert a third party that you have opted out of the sale of your personal information.Your personal information is transferred as an asset, as part of a transaction in which the third party assumes control of all or part of our business, in which case the third party would have to tell you in writing if it materially changes how the information is used or shared and;We use or share your personal information under a written contract with a service provider necessary to perform a business purpose. Here, the service that the service provider performs is on our behalf, and our written contract prohibits it from keeping, using or disclosing your personal information for any purpose other than for the specific purpose identified in the contract.  To submit a request, please email us atccpajagex@relentlessdataprivacy.comor use our online webformCCPA request  Email requests must include "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field and stateright to know,deletionoropt out.  Within 15 days of receipt, we will act upon your request.  We will verify your identity as a resident in the state of California and contact you to request that information. If we are not able to verify your identity, we will deny your request. If we deny your request, even if only in part, we will explain the reason in our response.  Once verified, we will notify all third parties to whom we have sold your personal information within 90 days of receipt of your request.  RIGHT TO BE FREE FROM DISCRIMINATION  We may not discriminate against you because you have chosen to exercise your rights, including, for example, by denying you access to our online services or charging you different rates or prices for the same online services, unless that difference is reasonably related to the value provided by your data.  EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS  To submit a verifiable request or otherwise contact us for more information about how to exercise your rights, please follow the instructions above.  If you would like to designate an authorised agent to make a request on your behalf, please be sure the agent is able to:  demonstrate you have provided written permission for the agent to submit the request on your behalf; andprovide proof of his or her own identity.  If the agent does not satisfy these requirements, we will deny the request.  11. Glossary  LAWFUL BASIS  Legitimate Interestmeans the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities bycontacting us.  Performance of Contractmeans processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.  Comply with a legal or regulatory obligationmeans processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.  Explicit consentfor external marketingmeans your personal data will not be disclosed to any third party unless you have given your explicit consent to such disclosure.  12. Policy updates  Policies and procedures are reviewed and compared to the requirements of applicable laws and regulations at least annually, and whenever changes to such laws and regulations are made  privacy policies and procedures are revised to conform with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations.   The California Consumer Privacy Act (also referred to as the "CCPA") is a privacy-centric bill protecting the privacy of California consumers that will be effective on 1 January, 2020. Please note that the contents below are for California residents only.  RIGHT TO KNOW  If you are a California resident, you may submit free of charge, but not more than twice in a 12-month period, a verifiable request for the following information:  The specific pieces of personal information we have about you;The categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed for a business purpose about you within the last 12 months;The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected; andThe categories of third parties to whom the information was disclosed for a business purpose or otherwise shared.  In sections 2,3 and 4 of this Privacy Policy, we describe the data we collect about you, how your data is collected and how we use your personal data.  To submit a request, please use one of the following methods via our Data Protection Officer's office at Relentless Privacy and Compliance Ltd:  Email us atccpajagex@relentlessdataprivacy.comUse our online webform located atCCPA request  Email requests must include "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field and stateright to know,deletionoropt out.  Within 10 days of receipt, we will confirm receipt of your request.  We will verify your identity as a resident in the state of California and contact you to request that information. If we are not able to verify your identity, we will deny your request. If we deny your request, even if only in part, we will explain the reason in our response.  Once verified, we will provide a substantive response within 45 days, unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you.  RIGHT TO DELETE  If you are a California resident, you may submit a verifiable request for us to delete any personal information we have collected about you.  To submit a request, please email us atccpajagex@relentlessdataprivacy.comor use our online webformCCPA request  Email requests must include "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field and stateright to know,deletionoropt out.  Within 10 days of receipt, we will confirm receipt of your request.  We will verify your identity as a resident in the state of California and contact you to request that information. If we are not able to verify your identity, we will deny your request. If we deny your request, even if only in part, we will explain the reason in our response.  Once verified, we will provide a substantive response within 45 days, unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you.  RIGHT TO OPT OUT  California residents may opt out of the "sale" of their personal information, as defined by the CCPA.  This doesnotinclude when:  You direct us to disclose your personal information or use us to interact with a third party and the third party does not sell the personal information;We use or share an identifier solely to alert a third party that you have opted out of the sale of your personal information.Your personal information is transferred as an asset, as part of a transaction in which the third party assumes control of all or part of our business, in which case the third party would have to tell you in writing if it materially changes how the information is used or shared and;We use or share your personal information under a written contract with a service provider necessary to perform a business purpose. Here, the service that the service provider performs is on our behalf, and our written contract prohibits it from keeping, using or disclosing your personal information for any purpose other than for the specific purpose identified in the contract.  To submit a request, please email us atccpajagex@relentlessdataprivacy.comor use our online webformCCPA request  Email requests must include "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field and stateright to know,deletionoropt out.  Within 15 days of receipt, we will act upon your request.  We will verify your identity as a resident in the state of California and contact you to request that information. If we are not able to verify your identity, we will deny your request. If we deny your request, even if only in part, we will explain the reason in our response.  Once verified, we will notify all third parties to whom we have sold your personal information within 90 days of receipt of your request.  RIGHT TO BE FREE FROM DISCRIMINATION  We may not discriminate against you because you have chosen to exercise your rights, including, for example, by denying you access to our online services or charging you different rates or prices for the same online services, unless that difference is reasonably related to the value provided by your data.  EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS  To submit a verifiable request or otherwise contact us for more information about how to exercise your rights, please follow the instructions above.  If you would like to designate an authorised agent to make a request on your behalf, please be sure the agent is able to:  demonstrate you have provided written permission for the agent to submit the request on your behalf; andprovide proof of his or her own identity.  If the agent does not satisfy these requirements, we will deny the request.  11. Glossary  LAWFUL BASIS  Legitimate Interestmeans the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities bycontacting us.  Performance of Contractmeans processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.  Comply with a legal or regulatory obligationmeans processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.  Explicit consentfor external marketingmeans your personal data will not be disclosed to any third party unless you have given your explicit consent to such disclosure.  12. Policy updates  Policies and procedures are reviewed and compared to the requirements of applicable laws and regulations at least annually, and whenever changes to such laws and regulations are made  privacy policies and procedures are revised to conform with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations.   If you are a California resident, you may submit free of charge, but not more than twice in a 12-month period, a verifiable request for the following information:  The specific pieces of personal information we have about you;The categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed for a business purpose about you within the last 12 months;The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected; andThe categories of third parties to whom the information was disclosed for a business purpose or otherwise shared.  In sections 2,3 and 4 of this Privacy Policy, we describe the data we collect about you, how your data is collected and how we use your personal data.  To submit a request, please use one of the following methods via our Data Protection Officer's office at Relentless Privacy and Compliance Ltd:  Email us atccpajagex@relentlessdataprivacy.comUse our online webform located atCCPA request  Email requests must include "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field and stateright to know,deletionoropt out.  Within 10 days of receipt, we will confirm receipt of your request.  We will verify your identity as a resident in the state of California and contact you to request that information. If we are not able to verify your identity, we will deny your request. If we deny your request, even if only in part, we will explain the reason in our response.  Once verified, we will provide a substantive response within 45 days, unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you.  RIGHT TO DELETE  If you are a California resident, you may submit a verifiable request for us to delete any personal information we have collected about you.  To submit a request, please email us atccpajagex@relentlessdataprivacy.comor use our online webformCCPA request  Email requests must include "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field and stateright to know,deletionoropt out.  Within 10 days of receipt, we will confirm receipt of your request.  We will verify your identity as a resident in the state of California and contact you to request that information. If we are not able to verify your identity, we will deny your request. If we deny your request, even if only in part, we will explain the reason in our response.  Once verified, we will provide a substantive response within 45 days, unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you.  RIGHT TO OPT OUT  California residents may opt out of the "sale" of their personal information, as defined by the CCPA.  This doesnotinclude when:  You direct us to disclose your personal information or use us to interact with a third party and the third party does not sell the personal information;We use or share an identifier solely to alert a third party that you have opted out of the sale of your personal information.Your personal information is transferred as an asset, as part of a transaction in which the third party assumes control of all or part of our business, in which case the third party would have to tell you in writing if it materially changes how the information is used or shared and;We use or share your personal information under a written contract with a service provider necessary to perform a business purpose. Here, the service that the service provider performs is on our behalf, and our written contract prohibits it from keeping, using or disclosing your personal information for any purpose other than for the specific purpose identified in the contract.  To submit a request, please email us atccpajagex@relentlessdataprivacy.comor use our online webformCCPA request  Email requests must include "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field and stateright to know,deletionoropt out.  Within 15 days of receipt, we will act upon your request.  We will verify your identity as a resident in the state of California and contact you to request that information. If we are not able to verify your identity, we will deny your request. If we deny your request, even if only in part, we will explain the reason in our response.  Once verified, we will notify all third parties to whom we have sold your personal information within 90 days of receipt of your request.  RIGHT TO BE FREE FROM DISCRIMINATION  We may not discriminate against you because you have chosen to exercise your rights, including, for example, by denying you access to our online services or charging you different rates or prices for the same online services, unless that difference is reasonably related to the value provided by your data.  EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS  To submit a verifiable request or otherwise contact us for more information about how to exercise your rights, please follow the instructions above.  If you would like to designate an authorised agent to make a request on your behalf, please be sure the agent is able to:  demonstrate you have provided written permission for the agent to submit the request on your behalf; andprovide proof of his or her own identity.  If the agent does not satisfy these requirements, we will deny the request.  11. Glossary  LAWFUL BASIS  Legitimate Interestmeans the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities bycontacting us.  Performance of Contractmeans processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.  Comply with a legal or regulatory obligationmeans processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.  Explicit consentfor external marketingmeans your personal data will not be disclosed to any third party unless you have given your explicit consent to such disclosure.  12. Policy updates  Policies and procedures are reviewed and compared to the requirements of applicable laws and regulations at least annually, and whenever changes to such laws and regulations are made  privacy policies and procedures are revised to conform with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations.   If you are a California resident, you may submit a verifiable request for us to delete any personal information we have collected about you.  To submit a request, please email us atccpajagex@relentlessdataprivacy.comor use our online webformCCPA request  Email requests must include "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field and stateright to know,deletionoropt out.  Within 10 days of receipt, we will confirm receipt of your request.  We will verify your identity as a resident in the state of California and contact you to request that information. If we are not able to verify your identity, we will deny your request. If we deny your request, even if only in part, we will explain the reason in our response.  Once verified, we will provide a substantive response within 45 days, unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you.  RIGHT TO OPT OUT  California residents may opt out of the "sale" of their personal information, as defined by the CCPA.  This doesnotinclude when:  You direct us to disclose your personal information or use us to interact with a third party and the third party does not sell the personal information;We use or share an identifier solely to alert a third party that you have opted out of the sale of your personal information.Your personal information is transferred as an asset, as part of a transaction in which the third party assumes control of all or part of our business, in which case the third party would have to tell you in writing if it materially changes how the information is used or shared and;We use or share your personal information under a written contract with a service provider necessary to perform a business purpose. Here, the service that the service provider performs is on our behalf, and our written contract prohibits it from keeping, using or disclosing your personal information for any purpose other than for the specific purpose identified in the contract.  To submit a request, please email us atccpajagex@relentlessdataprivacy.comor use our online webformCCPA request  Email requests must include "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field and stateright to know,deletionoropt out.  Within 15 days of receipt, we will act upon your request.  We will verify your identity as a resident in the state of California and contact you to request that information. If we are not able to verify your identity, we will deny your request. If we deny your request, even if only in part, we will explain the reason in our response.  Once verified, we will notify all third parties to whom we have sold your personal information within 90 days of receipt of your request.  RIGHT TO BE FREE FROM DISCRIMINATION  We may not discriminate against you because you have chosen to exercise your rights, including, for example, by denying you access to our online services or charging you different rates or prices for the same online services, unless that difference is reasonably related to the value provided by your data.  EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS  To submit a verifiable request or otherwise contact us for more information about how to exercise your rights, please follow the instructions above.  If you would like to designate an authorised agent to make a request on your behalf, please be sure the agent is able to:  demonstrate you have provided written permission for the agent to submit the request on your behalf; andprovide proof of his or her own identity.  If the agent does not satisfy these requirements, we will deny the request.  11. Glossary  LAWFUL BASIS  Legitimate Interestmeans the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities bycontacting us.  Performance of Contractmeans processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.  Comply with a legal or regulatory obligationmeans processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.  Explicit consentfor external marketingmeans your personal data will not be disclosed to any third party unless you have given your explicit consent to such disclosure.  12. Policy updates  Policies and procedures are reviewed and compared to the requirements of applicable laws and regulations at least annually, and whenever changes to such laws and regulations are made  privacy policies and procedures are revised to conform with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations.   California residents may opt out of the "sale" of their personal information, as defined by the CCPA.  This doesnotinclude when:  You direct us to disclose your personal information or use us to interact with a third party and the third party does not sell the personal information;We use or share an identifier solely to alert a third party that you have opted out of the sale of your personal information.Your personal information is transferred as an asset, as part of a transaction in which the third party assumes control of all or part of our business, in which case the third party would have to tell you in writing if it materially changes how the information is used or shared and;We use or share your personal information under a written contract with a service provider necessary to perform a business purpose. Here, the service that the service provider performs is on our behalf, and our written contract prohibits it from keeping, using or disclosing your personal information for any purpose other than for the specific purpose identified in the contract.  To submit a request, please email us atccpajagex@relentlessdataprivacy.comor use our online webformCCPA request  Email requests must include "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field and stateright to know,deletionoropt out.  Within 15 days of receipt, we will act upon your request.  We will verify your identity as a resident in the state of California and contact you to request that information. If we are not able to verify your identity, we will deny your request. If we deny your request, even if only in part, we will explain the reason in our response.  Once verified, we will notify all third parties to whom we have sold your personal information within 90 days of receipt of your request.  RIGHT TO BE FREE FROM DISCRIMINATION  We may not discriminate against you because you have chosen to exercise your rights, including, for example, by denying you access to our online services or charging you different rates or prices for the same online services, unless that difference is reasonably related to the value provided by your data.  EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS  To submit a verifiable request or otherwise contact us for more information about how to exercise your rights, please follow the instructions above.  If you would like to designate an authorised agent to make a request on your behalf, please be sure the agent is able to:  demonstrate you have provided written permission for the agent to submit the request on your behalf; andprovide proof of his or her own identity.  If the agent does not satisfy these requirements, we will deny the request.  11. Glossary  LAWFUL BASIS  Legitimate Interestmeans the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities bycontacting us.  Performance of Contractmeans processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.  Comply with a legal or regulatory obligationmeans processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.  Explicit consentfor external marketingmeans your personal data will not be disclosed to any third party unless you have given your explicit consent to such disclosure.  12. Policy updates  Policies and procedures are reviewed and compared to the requirements of applicable laws and regulations at least annually, and whenever changes to such laws and regulations are made  privacy policies and procedures are revised to conform with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations.   We may not discriminate against you because you have chosen to exercise your rights, including, for example, by denying you access to our online services or charging you different rates or prices for the same online services, unless that difference is reasonably related to the value provided by your data.  EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS  To submit a verifiable request or otherwise contact us for more information about how to exercise your rights, please follow the instructions above.  If you would like to designate an authorised agent to make a request on your behalf, please be sure the agent is able to:  demonstrate you have provided written permission for the agent to submit the request on your behalf; andprovide proof of his or her own identity.  If the agent does not satisfy these requirements, we will deny the request.  11. Glossary  LAWFUL BASIS  Legitimate Interestmeans the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities bycontacting us.  Performance of Contractmeans processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.  Comply with a legal or regulatory obligationmeans processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.  Explicit consentfor external marketingmeans your personal data will not be disclosed to any third party unless you have given your explicit consent to such disclosure.  12. Policy updates  Policies and procedures are reviewed and compared to the requirements of applicable laws and regulations at least annually, and whenever changes to such laws and regulations are made  privacy policies and procedures are revised to conform with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations.   To submit a verifiable request or otherwise contact us for more information about how to exercise your rights, please follow the instructions above.  If you would like to designate an authorised agent to make a request on your behalf, please be sure the agent is able to:  demonstrate you have provided written permission for the agent to submit the request on your behalf; andprovide proof of his or her own identity.  If the agent does not satisfy these requirements, we will deny the request.  11. Glossary  LAWFUL BASIS  Legitimate Interestmeans the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities bycontacting us.  Performance of Contractmeans processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.  Comply with a legal or regulatory obligationmeans processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.  Explicit consentfor external marketingmeans your personal data will not be disclosed to any third party unless you have given your explicit consent to such disclosure.  12. Policy updates  Policies and procedures are reviewed and compared to the requirements of applicable laws and regulations at least annually, and whenever changes to such laws and regulations are made  privacy policies and procedures are revised to conform with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations. 