Title: Privacy
URL: https://www.wiley.com/en-us/privacy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: websites, business, request, data, wiley, personal, services, provide, privacy, information
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   You have the right to make a written request to be informed whether or not we hold or process any of your personal information (by emailingprivacy@wiley.com). In your written request, you may:  Request that we provide you with details of your personal information that we process, the purpose for which it is processed, the recipients of such information, the existence of any automated decision making involving your personal information, and what transfer safeguards we have in place;Request that we rectify any errors in your personal information;Request that we delete your personal information if our continued processing of such information is not justified;Request that we transfer your personal information to a third party;Object to automated decision-making and profiling based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest (in which event the processing will cease except where there are compelling legitimate grounds, such as when the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between us);Object to direct marketing from us; andObject to processing for purposes of scientific, historical research and statistics.  Where applicable under your local laws, we will not use your personal information for marketing purposes, nor disclose your information to any third parties, unless we have your prior consent, which we will seek before collecting your personal information. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the consent forms we use when collecting your personal information. If at any point you wish to review or change your preferences you can use the "opt-out" or unsubscribe mechanism or other means provided within the communications that you receive from us. Note that you may still receive transactional communications from Wiley.For queries, please contact our customer support center athttps://hub.wiley.com/community/support.Some territories have national laws requiring a local Data Protection Officer (for example Singapore and Germany). Please clickherefor the relevant contact details.  Your California Data Privacy Rights  Information About Data We Have Collected or Disclosed About You  The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides additional data privacy rights to California residents. You have the right to request that we provide, not more than twice every 12 months, certain information about the data we have collected or disclosed about you over the past 12 months, including:  the categories of personal information we have collected about you;the categories of sources from which we have collected your personal information;the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information;the categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information;the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; andthe categories of personal information that we have disclosed about you for a business purpose.  For the purposes of your rights as a California resident, “personal information” means any non-publicly available information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked with you or your household, such as biometric information or information about your location.  Disclosure of Personal Information  For certain of our business functions, we may disclose personal information for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, the third party must agree to retain, use, or disclose the personal information solely for the business purpose. We prohibit the third party from selling the personal information that we provide [for a business purpose]. In the past 12 months, depending on how you interact with Wiley, we may have disclosed your information as set forth in the section above entitled “Disclosure and Sharing of Your information.”  Deletion of Data  California residents also have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you (and direct our service providers to do so), except where retaining your personal information is necessary for Wiley to:  Complete your transaction, provide a good or service you requested, or perform a contract between you and us;Protect you or us from security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for that activity;Fix errors in our systems;Protect your, our, or others’ right to free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (California Penal Code Section 1546 and following);Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;Use your personal information internally in a way that is reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us or in another lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information; orComply with a legal obligation.  “Do Not Track” (for California and Delaware Residents)  Please note that we do not respond to or honor “do not track” (a/k/a/ DNT) signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers. For more information about “do not track”, go tohttps://allaboutdnt.com/.  How to Exercise Your Rights  To exercise your rights under CCPA, you may submit a verifiable consumer request to us by phone at (800) 438-6643 or by email atprivacy@wiley.com. Only you, a person registered with the Secretary of State authorized to act on your behalf, or you on behalf of your minor child may submit a verifiable consumer request. The request must provide enough information for us to reasonably verify you are, or are the authorized representative of, the person about whom we collected personal information.  Links to Third-Party Websites  Wiley's websites or services may include links to third-party websites. In using such links, please be aware that each third-party website is subject to its own privacy and data protection policies and is not covered by our Privacy Policy.  FERPA  Please see Wiley's policy regarding FERPAhere.  Recourse  Any comments, complaints or questions concerning this policy or complaints or objections about our use of your personal information should be addressed by directing your comments to Wiley's Data Protection Officers, whose contact information is foundhere.  Updates to this Privacy Policy  Please note that Wiley’s Privacy Policy is reviewed periodically. Wiley reserves the right to update its Privacy Policy at any time without notice. Any changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted on this page and will become effective as of the Effective Date above. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.  By clicking on the links below, you can see previous versions of this policy (beginning with the March 15, 2018 version) and a comparison reflecting changes to the terms.  Privacy Policy effective March 15, 2018Comparison    Privacy Policy effective February 12, 2019Comparison   Information About Data We Have Collected or Disclosed About You  The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides additional data privacy rights to California residents. You have the right to request that we provide, not more than twice every 12 months, certain information about the data we have collected or disclosed about you over the past 12 months, including:  the categories of personal information we have collected about you;the categories of sources from which we have collected your personal information;the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information;the categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information;the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; andthe categories of personal information that we have disclosed about you for a business purpose.  For the purposes of your rights as a California resident, “personal information” means any non-publicly available information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked with you or your household, such as biometric information or information about your location.  Disclosure of Personal Information  For certain of our business functions, we may disclose personal information for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, the third party must agree to retain, use, or disclose the personal information solely for the business purpose. We prohibit the third party from selling the personal information that we provide [for a business purpose]. In the past 12 months, depending on how you interact with Wiley, we may have disclosed your information as set forth in the section above entitled “Disclosure and Sharing of Your information.”  Deletion of Data  California residents also have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you (and direct our service providers to do so), except where retaining your personal information is necessary for Wiley to:  Complete your transaction, provide a good or service you requested, or perform a contract between you and us;Protect you or us from security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for that activity;Fix errors in our systems;Protect your, our, or others’ right to free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (California Penal Code Section 1546 and following);Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;Use your personal information internally in a way that is reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us or in another lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information; orComply with a legal obligation.  “Do Not Track” (for California and Delaware Residents)  Please note that we do not respond to or honor “do not track” (a/k/a/ DNT) signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers. For more information about “do not track”, go tohttps://allaboutdnt.com/.  How to Exercise Your Rights  To exercise your rights under CCPA, you may submit a verifiable consumer request to us by phone at (800) 438-6643 or by email atprivacy@wiley.com. Only you, a person registered with the Secretary of State authorized to act on your behalf, or you on behalf of your minor child may submit a verifiable consumer request. The request must provide enough information for us to reasonably verify you are, or are the authorized representative of, the person about whom we collected personal information.  Links to Third-Party Websites  Wiley's websites or services may include links to third-party websites. In using such links, please be aware that each third-party website is subject to its own privacy and data protection policies and is not covered by our Privacy Policy.  FERPA  Please see Wiley's policy regarding FERPAhere.  Recourse  Any comments, complaints or questions concerning this policy or complaints or objections about our use of your personal information should be addressed by directing your comments to Wiley's Data Protection Officers, whose contact information is foundhere.  Updates to this Privacy Policy  Please note that Wiley’s Privacy Policy is reviewed periodically. Wiley reserves the right to update its Privacy Policy at any time without notice. Any changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted on this page and will become effective as of the Effective Date above. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.  By clicking on the links below, you can see previous versions of this policy (beginning with the March 15, 2018 version) and a comparison reflecting changes to the terms.  Privacy Policy effective March 15, 2018Comparison    Privacy Policy effective February 12, 2019Comparison 