Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.faceapp.com/privacy-en.html
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: app, social, media, services, data, advertising, personal, information, privacy, policy, device

Reduced Policy:  Except as excluded from the scope of this notice above, the CCPA grants California residents the following rights. Information.You can request information about how we have collected, used and shared and used your personal information during the past 12 months. We have made this this information available to California residents without having to request it by including it in this notice, in the above chart.Access.You can request a copy of the personal information that we maintain about you.Deletion.You can ask us to delete the personal information that we collected or maintain about you. Please note that the CCPA limits these rights by, for example, prohibiting us from providing certain sensitive information in response to an access request and limiting the circumstances in which we must comply with a deletion request. If we deny your request, we will communicate our decision to you. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. How to Submit a Request To request access to or deletion of personal information: visitfaceapp.com/privacy-request-formemail Identity verification.The CCPA requires us to verify the identity of the individual submitting a request to access or delete personal information before providing a substantive response to the request. We may attempt to verify your identity by asking you to confirm information that we have on file about you or your interactions with us. Where we ask for additional personal information to verify your identity, we will only use it to verify your identity or your authority to make the request on behalf of another consumer. Authorized agents.California residents can empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on their behalf. We will require the authorized agent to have written authorization confirming such authority.