Title: NBCUNIVERSAL MEDIA
URL: https://www.nbcuniversal.com/privacy/?intake=nbc_news
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: nbcuniversal, provide, example, parties, including, privacy, media, services, purposes, share, information

Reduced Policy:   Depending on where you live, you may have certain rights with respect to your information. For example, under local laws, including in the European Union, you may be able to ask us to:provide access to certain information we hold about you, in some cases in a portable format, if technically feasibleupdate or correct your informationdelete certain informationrestrict the use of your informationWe will respond within the time period prescribed by applicable law. Please note that many of the above rights are subject to exceptions and limitations.Some NBCUniversal Services can only be provided if we have your information, therefore deletion of your information will result in termination of such Services.We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, including authenticating you through the email address. We may require further documentation such as a password and user ID before granting access to your information.California residents with rights under the CCPA,  mayclick hereand their authorized agents mayclick herefor access or deletion requests or may call 1-800-447-0663.U.S. residents who wish to learn more about access or deletion requests mayclick here.If you are based outside the U.S. and would like to exercise any individual right you may have please contact us atprivacy@nbcuni.com.  Please include “My Rights” in the subject line and provide a clear explanation of which right you are exercising and your country of residence in the body of the email.Your rights and our responses will vary based on your state or country of residency. Please note that you may be located in a jurisdiction where we are not obligated, or are unable, to fulfill a request.  In such a case, your request may not be fulfilled.If you have any unresolved concerns, you may have the right to complain to your local data protection authority.“Do Not Sell My Personal Information” (California Residents only)California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. California law broadly defines “sale” in a way that may include allowing third parties to receive certain information such as cookies, IP address and/or browsing behavior to add to a profile about your device, browser, or you. This profile enables delivery of interest-based advertising on the NBCUniversal Services or other sites.  Advertising, including interest-based advertising, enables NBCUniversal to provide you certain content for free and provide relevant offers to you.Depending on what Services you use, we may share the following categories of information for such advertising which may be considered a sale (as defined by California law):identification and demographics; device information and identifiers, such as IP address, and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; connection and usage information, such as browsing history or app usage; geolocation information, such as city; and inference data.If you or your authorized agent would like to opt out of NBCUniversal’s use of your information for such purposes (to the extent this is considered a sale), you may do so as outlined on the following page:Do Not Sell My Personal Information.Third Parties’ List – Shine the Light (California Residents only)California residents can also request a list of all the third parties to which we have disclosed certain personal information (as defined by California’s Shine the Light law) during the preceding year for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. California residents may contact us at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112, US, NBCUniversal Legal Department Attn: Chief Privacy Officer. In the body of your request, you must include: “California Shine the Light Request”, your name, a current California address including, street address, city, state, and zip code, as well as sufficient information for us to determine if the law applies to you. You will need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident. We will not accept requests by telephone, email, or facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.Nevada ResidentsNBCUniversal does not engage in the following activity, however Nevada law requires us to post the following: certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of “covered information” for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information.  “Covered information” includes first and last name, address, email address, phone number, Social Security Number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online.If you are a Nevada resident who has purchased goods or services from NBCUniversal, you may submit a request to opt out of any potential future sales under Nevada law by emailing us at privacy@nbcuni.com.  Please use “Nevada Do Not Sell” in the subject line. Note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request.  Once verified, we will maintain your request in the event our practices change.Notice to Customers of Universal Studios JapanFor customers of Universal Studios Japan, NBCUniversal and Universal Studios Japan may use your personal information jointly as follows:The information set forth in Section 1 of this Privacy Policy,Personal Information We Collect and Purposes;The scope of entities who will use the personal information are set forth in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy,When We Share Your Information;For questions, requests, or complaints related to the jointly-used personal information, you may contact USJ, LLC, who is responsible for the management of the jointly used personal information, atprivacy@usj.co.jp.For customers of Universal Studios Japan who have questions or complaints related to Universal Studios Japan’s privacy practices, you may contact Universal Studios Japan directly by emailingprivacy@usj.co.jp,or calling 0570-20-0606, or writing to 2-1-33 Sakurajima, Konohana-ku, Osaka 554-0031 Japan, USJ LLC. For issues related to Club Universal please visit theClub Universal Inquiry page.  YOUR CHOICES  Cookies and Similar TechnologiesWe and our service providers, advertisers, and other third parties use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., HTTP cookies, HTML 5, flash local storage cookies, web beacons, GIFs, embedded scripts, ETags/cache browsers, and software development kits) to recognize you on, off, and across NBCUniversal Services and your devices. For more information about the use of cookies and similar technologies on the NBCUniversal Services (including your opt-out choices) please see ourCookie Notice.Mobile App and Connected DevicesDepending on the device you use, you may be able to manage your advertising and location preferences through your device settings and as outlined in ourCookie Notice.  Many operating systems provide their own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. We do not control how the applicable platform operator allows you to manage personalized in-application advertisements. You should review your device manufacturer’s support materials and/or the device settings for the respective operating systems for more detail on how to manage such preferences.You can stop all collection of information by a mobile app by uninstalling the app.Opt-out of Video Measurement Research by NielsenNBCUniversal video services may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software that will allow you to contribute to market research, like Nielsen’s TV Ratings.To learn more about Nielsen digital measurement products and your choices in regard to them, including in mobile apps and connected devices, please visithttp://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacyfor more information.Third-Party Online ServicesNBCUniversal Services may contain links to third party services. These other sites (even if co-branded as NBCUniversal) may collect information about you and use this information in accordance with their own privacy policies and terms of service. We do not control those third parties’ policies or practices. Where NBCUniversal collects personal information on a co-branded website or service, we will provide a link to our privacy policy as appropriate. In some circumstances, NBCUniversal may host some websites on behalf of others and those entities may place or permit the placement of cookies and other tracking technology. NBCUniversal is not responsible for these tracking practices.  HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION  We maintain organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to help protect the information we collect and use. These safeguards vary depending upon a variety of factors including the sensitivity of the information we collect and use. Despite all reasonable practices, no security method is infallible.  HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION  We will keep your information only for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes described above, unless a longer retention is required or permitted by law. We may delete or de-identify your information sooner if we receive a verifiable deletion request, subject to exemptions under applicable law. The retention period that applies to your information may vary depending on the NBCUniversal Services you use and how you interact with them. Some NBCUniversal Services may provide additional details on their data retention practices, so we encourage you to consult their website and/or FAQs.  INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS  NBCUniversal is a global company and has its headquarters in the United States. We may transfer your information to Related Companies, service providers, and other third parties located outside of your country of residence, including in the United States. This is necessary to provide our Services and for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.  Data privacy laws vary from country to country and may not be equivalent to, or as protective as, the laws in your home country.  We take steps to ensure that reasonable safeguards are in place with aim to ensure an appropriate level of protection for your information, in accordance with applicable law. These measures include data transfer agreements. By providing us with your information, you acknowledge any such transfer, storage or use.  UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY  We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes to our practices or the law. We will make the revised Privacy Policy accessible through the NBCUniversal Services.  Please check the NBCUniversal Services periodically for updates.The date at the top of the Privacy Policy tells you when it was last updated. If we make material changes to the way we collect or use your information, you will be provided with appropriate notice, including by, but not limited to, posting the updated Privacy Policy on this website, and providing notice in accordance with legal requirements. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted.  By continuing to use the NBCUniversal Services following any changes to this Privacy Policy, you acknowledge you have read and understand the updated Privacy Policy, and you understand that we will collect, use, and share information as stated therein.  CONTACT US  For any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, pleasecontact usatprivacy@nbcuni.comor 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112, USA, NBCUniversal Legal Department Attn: Chief Privacy Officer.TheUK Representativeof our US-based NBCUniversal Affiliates is NBCUniversal International Limited.  To contact the UK Representative, please emailprivacy@nbcuni.comand include the text “For the UK Representative” in the subject line.  Alternatively, you can write to: Privacy Legal Department, NBCUniversal International Limited, 1 Central St Giles, St Giles High Street, London WC2H 8NU, United Kingdom.TheEU Representativeof our US-based NBCUniversal Affiliates is Universal Studios International B.V.  To contact the EU Representative, please emailprivacy@nbcuni.comand include the text “For the EU Representative” in the subject line.  Alternatively, you can write to: Privacy Legal Department, Moermanskkade 421, 1013 BC Amsterdam, The Netherlands.Germany:If you are using NBCUniversal Services provided byUniversal Pictures Germany GmbH or Universal Pictures International Germany GmbH, you can contact our German Data Protection Officer by emailingprivacy@nbcuni.comand including the text “For the German DPO” in the subject line.You can contact theData Protection Officer for NBCUniversal Global Networks Deutschland GmbHby emailingdatenschutz@sky.deor by writing to Sky Deutschland Fernsehen GmbH & Co.KG, Datenschutz, Medienallee 26, 85774 Unterföhring erreichen, Deutschland.We have separate policies for workforce data.  For example, please see ourCandidate Privacy Statementto find out more about the information we collect during our recruitment process. 