Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.tiltingpoint.com/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: advertising, policy, thirdparty, information, data, services, example, ads, games, privacy, including, process
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:  For users located in the European Union (“ EU ”) and the European Economic Area (“ EEA ”), if we are processing your data, you have the right to: access, correct, or request the deletion of your data,request us to restrict our processing of your data,object to our processing of your data to the extent our processing is based on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, orwhere technically feasible, request a copy in machine-readable format of the personal data we have collected from you pursuant to this Policy. Where our processing of your data is based on your consent, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please be aware that we may continue processing your data despite your withdrawal of consent, if we also have another lawful basis for doing so. To access your data in our Games or to request its deletion, please contact us at privacy@tiltingpoint.com . To unsubscribe from our marketing communications, please use the unsubscribe link provided in the messages we send. The unsubscribe link is typically found at the end of the message. To exercise any of your rights, you may also contact us at privacy@tiltingpoint.com . To fulfill requests submitted by email, we may need to confirm your identity to verify your right to make the request, which may involve requesting additional information from you. For example, we may ask you to provide sufficiently detailed information about the account to which the request relates to enable us to confirm that you are the account holder or acting on their behalf. While we will usually not do so, we reserve the right to charge you an appropriate fee for the exercise of your rights where permitted by applicable laws and regulations. If you believe that we have infringed your privacy rights, please contact us so that we can try to resolve the issue. However, if you are an EU resident, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority .