Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: advertising, websites, policy, ad, data, personal, services, smaato, privacy, information, mobile
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   The GDPR provides you with certain rights in respect to Personal Data that data controllers hold about you, including certain rights to access Personal Data, to request correction of the Personal Data, to request to restrict or delete Personal Data, and to object to our processing of your Personal Data (including profiling for online ad targeting).  Right to Access:If you wish to exercise your right to access Personal Data we process as a data controller, you may do so by requesting access through the e-mail address privacy(at)smaato.com. When we receive your request, we will provide you with current, step-by-step instructions to follow in order to obtain access. We will then assess requests to exercise data access rights on a case-by-case basis; in doing so, we consider the difficulty of verifying whether a mobile identifier and data we have linked to it truly and solely belongs to the data subject making the request, as well as the potential adverse effects on disclosure of personal data to the wrong individual. Because such improper disclosure would likely adversely affect the privacy rights and freedoms of the data subject, we may limit the Personal Data we make available. Please note that we will only grant requests submitted via email for Personal Data for which we are a data controller, as explained further below. Where we act as a data processor for one of our Clients, we will refer your request to that Client. Please identify the Client your request refers to (if possible), to simplify this process.Right to Correct:If you wish to exercise your right to correct Personal Data, you may do so by contacting us at the contact information below.Right to Object to Processing or to Withdraw Consent:By using the device-based “opt-out” signals described in Section 4(b) above, you may withdraw consent for processing on which we rely on consent. If you do so, we will cease processing your Personal Data for purposes of our services within 30 days or less. We either collect these opt-out signals ourselves or receive them from the mobile apps we work with.Right to Erasure.You also have the right to obtain the erasure of Personal Data concerning you that we hold as a data controller. The above opt-out process satisfies this right. When an End User opts-out through device settings, and we receive this signal from our Clients, the Personal Data we use to provide our services will be deleted within 30 days (if you have an Android device) or permanently rendered disconnected to your device (if you have an iOS device). We will also manually delete your Personal Data, subject our identity verification process mentioned above, if you prefer that we do so; please contact us at privacy(at)smaato.com for further instructions on exercising this right manually. Please note, however, that we may retain copies of certain Personal Data on inactive or back-up files, for our own internal and necessary purposes, such as auditing, accounting and billing, legal, or bug detection. We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill any important purposes that we have in retaining it, principally regarding legal, auditing, accounting, and billing obligations.Right to Lodge Complaints.You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. However, we hope that you will first consult with us, so that we may work with you to resolve any complaint or concern you might have.  e.	Smaato as a Data Controller and a Data Processor  EU data protection law makes a distinction between organizations that process Personal Data for their own purposes (known as “data controllers”) and organizations that process Personal Data on behalf of other organizations (known as “data processors”). If you have a question or complaint about how your Personal Data is handled, we encourage you to direct your inquiry to the relevant data controller, since data controllers hold primary responsibility for your Personal Data.  Smaato may act as either a data controller or a data processor in handling your Personal Data, depending on the precise circumstances. For instance, for Personal Data that we use internally and independently to create our own data tools and operate the Smaato Ad Services, and for Personal Data that we collect about our Clients, we are a data controller. But when we handle Personal Data strictly on behalf of our Clients or Partners in order to provide our services to them, we are a data processor. Thus, for instance, if you have questions about data that is used primarily by a mobile app on which our technology is embedded – or companies that serve ads that use our technology – you should contact those companies regarding questions about the Personal Data they handle and control.  f.	Contact Details and Controller  This data protection information applies to data processing by the data controllerSmaato, Inc.Valentinskamp 70, Emporio, 19th Floor20355 Hamburg, Germanyfor users based in the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the UK, unless otherwise stated in a service-specific data protection notice.  Contact details of the Data Protection OfficerSmaato, Inc.Data Protection OfficerValentinskamp 70, Emporio, 19th Floor20355 Hamburg, GermanyE-mail: privacy(at)smaato.comSupervisory AuthorityThe Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of InformationLudwig-Erhard-Str 22, 7th floor20459 HamburgTel.: +49 (040) 42854-4040E-mail:[email protected]12. Our Memberships and AffiliationsTo help and foster the protection of consumer privacy, Smaato is an active member or participant of industry associations that govern the policies on consumer privacy in the context of internet-based advertising, including: the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) America and Europe, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA).Smaato participates in, and complies with the policies and technical specifications of the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework (IAB TCF). Smaato’s IAB Europe-assigned identification number is Vendor ID #82.Please see thesection 4“Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options” of this Privacy Policy for more information about your privacy choices.13. Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may occasionally update this Policy to reflect changes to our privacy practices. The amended Policy will be displayed on the Smaato Websites. Please check our Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version and to stay informed of our privacy practices. Your continued access to and use of the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services constitute your acknowledgement of this Policy and any updates.14. Contacting UsIf you have any general questions regarding this Policy, you may contact us by email at privacy(at)smaato.com or mailing the following address:Smaato, Inc.240 Stockton Street, 10th FloorSan	Francisco, CA 94108