Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.latimes.com/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: provide, parties, advertising, including, privacy, thirdparty, services, policy, information, providers, content

Reduced Policy:   CALIFORNIA NOTICE OF COLLECTION Last updated on September 30, 2020. En español:POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD Y SUS DERECHOS DE PRIVACIDAD Los Angeles Times Communications LLC and its Affiliates (“Los Angeles Times,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) operate newspapers, and news, entertainment, and informational websites, and other print and digital products and services. In this Privacy Policy, “Affiliates” refers to subsidiaries and entities in which Los Angeles Times or its subsidiaries operate or have an ownership interest. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information Los Angeles Times and its Affiliates collect through the websites, mobile applications, electronic devices, kiosks, and all other print and digital products and services we provide, any other services that display this Privacy Policy, and all of the associated content, functionalities and advertising (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy governs the Services regardless of how you access them. Some Services may have a specific, separate privacy policy that will govern use of those Services. This Privacy Policy describes: 1. the information we collect and how we collect it; 2. what we do with the information we collect; 3. how we share and disclose user information with third parties; 4. Los Angeles Times’ use of online analytics and tailored advertising; 5. your California Privacy Rights; 6. California Do-Not-Track disclosure requirements; 7. how you can access and update your information; 8. how we protect information; 9. linked sites and advertisements; 10. collection of certain information by third parties through our Services; 11. use of the Services by users from outside the United States; 12. use of the Services by children; 13. how to contact us; 14. no rights of third parties; 15. changes to this Privacy Policy; and 16. supplemental Privacy Notice for California Residents.  If you are a California resident, you may have certain rights. For more information, please see ourSupplemental Privacy Notice for California Residents.  This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties.  If you are a California resident, you may have certain rights. California law may permit you to request that we: Provide you the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information.Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you.Delete certain information we have about you. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request, which may include, at a minimum, depending on the sensitivity of the information you are requesting and the type of request you are making, verifying your name, email address, and physical address.You are also permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may also follow up with you to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent’s request. If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under California law or would like to exercise any of them, please: (i) contact us atlatimes.com/dsar; or (ii) email us at privacy@latimes.com. You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you (if any). You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. We need certain types of information so that we can provide the Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use the Services.  If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and are a registered User of our Services, you may be entitled to request that we remove from our Services content you posted to our Services that can be accessed by any other User (whether registered or not). Please note that any content that is removed from our Services may still remain on our servers and in our systems. To request removal of content under this provision, please send an email to privacy@latimes.com and provide us with a description of the content and the location of the content on our Services, and any other information we may require to consider your request. Please note that removal of content under this provision does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted on the Services by you. Copyright © 2020 Los Angeles Times Communications LLC