Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.focusvision.com/privacy-statement/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, website, request, data, personal, fvw, services, shield, cookies, privacy, information
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   All businesses that collect personal information are required under general research codes of conduct and national and regional privacy laws to protect the privacy of data subjects and keep that data secure. Several privacy laws also provide for specific rights regarding the handling of data subjects personal data including the right to opt-out of the processing or sales of personal data. These rights are listed in the sections below as required by law.  Please note that FVW collects and processes data on behalf of data controllers (our clients) and is therefore considered a processor under most privacy laws. FVW does not sell or otherwise use your personal data for any purpose other than as directed by the data controller.  Finally, it is important to note that most privacy laws require the data subject to make the request regarding their rightsdirectly to the organization that has primary control over your data; the Data Controller.  Data Subject Access under GDPR  If you are an EU Person or a person from Switzerland about whom we hold personal Data on our own or client’s behalf, you may request access to, and the opportunity to update, correct or delete, such personal Data. Please see instructions for Data Subject Rights and Requests below. We reserve the right to charge an adequate fee or deny requests, as allowed under the applicable law or regulation including CCPA, GDPR, the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.  Privacy Rights of California Consumers  The California Consumer Privacy Act affords California consumers certain rights over their personal information (subject to certain exceptions). If you are a California resident, please review ourCalifornia Consumer Privacy Act Notice for information on your rights.  Data Subject Rights and Requests  Instructions for submitting Requests Regarding the Handling of Your Personal Data (For Data Subjects, Data Controllers and website visitors-please read carefully)  There are many laws and regulations protecting and enabling individuals’ privacy rights in effect around the world which give individuals rights regarding their personal data such as the ability to request access, erasure, and restriction of processing. While laws may define personal data differently, this is generally any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. If an organization holds and/or processes your personal data, you may request that the organization take an action on your data as allowed by the relevant law. We refer to this request as aData Subject RequestorDSR.  When making a DSR it is important to understand that most laws require you to make the requestdirectly to the organization that has primary control over your data; referred to as the Data Controller. While FocusVision does process personal data, we are typically acting as adata processor; collecting and processing your data on behalf of our clients who are the data controller. Further, most laws require that FocusVision (as a data processor) must not take action on personal data requests received directly from data subjects until the data controller has authenticated the request and given FocusVision direction on what action to take. For this reason, we strongly recommend that you contact the data controller directly for the fastest response to your request.  If FocusVisionisthe data controller, such as when we are sending you marketing related information, you may make the request by mail or email at the addresses noted below.  Information to provide us with when we are the data controller and you are making a data subject request:  Attach or forward the original email you received, e.g., the emailedinvitation to participate, associated with the project(s) or events(s)where your data was collectedIf you do not have the original email, then please provide the following:First NameLast NameEmail address (if different than that used to send request)Research Topic (if known)Type of research or event where data was provided; webinar registration, online project booking, online survey, bulletin board, webcam interview, etc.Date(s) of event or research participationThe action you would like us to take regarding your information  We will respond to your request within the timeframe allowed under the applicable law.  Please note that in cases where we arenotthe data controller and youprovide the same information listed above, we will:– Attempt to verify your request and identify the data controller (this mayrequire we contact you for additional information)-If we are able to identify the data controller, we will inform the datacontroller of your request so that they may communicate with you directly.  Please communicate your request to our Privacy Officer at:  Privacy OfficerFocusVision Worldwide, Inc.7 River Park Place East,Suite 110, Fresno, CA 93720+1 (203) 428-2448/877-787-1253.privacy@focusvision.com  Privacy Shield Policy  FocusVision Worldwide, Inc. and its US affiliates (Decipher, Inc; Kinesis Survey Technologies, LLC; and Revelation, Inc.) comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. FocusVision Worldwide, Inc. and its US affiliates have certified to the Department of Commerce that they adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:https://www.privacyshield.gov. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.  The United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) is the enforcement authority with jurisdiction over this compliance with the Privacy Shield.  In compliance with the US-EU and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, FocusVision Worldwide, Inc. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact FocusVision Worldwide, Inc. at:  Privacy OfficerFocusVision Worldwide, Inc.7 River Park Place East Suite 110,Fresno, CA 93720+1 (203) 428-2448/877-787-1253.privacy@focusvision.com  FocusVision Worldwide, Inc. has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visithttp://www.bbb.org/EU-privacyshield/for-eu-consumers  for more information and to file a complaint. Where a complaint cannot be resolved by any of the before mentioned recourse mechanisms, individuals may have a right to invoke binding arbitration under the Privacy Shield Panel as a recourse mechanism of ’last resort’.  Note, in certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.  Opt-In Consent when FVW is Data Controller  In general, all persons providing personal data are required by FVW policy andprivacy laws to be given a choice, or consent, to how their data may be used.  When FVW is the data controller, we will disclose the purpose for which personal data collected will be used and will provide individuals the opportunity to choose (opt-in) to whether their personal data is used. If the information is to be used for a purpose other than it was originally collected, FVW will contact the individual to obtain consent for the new purpose.  General Information  Marketing Activity  When you receive newsletters or promotional email from FVW, we may use web beacons (described below), customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the email has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you more focused email communications or other information. We may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other companies. For example, we may use services from other companies that enable us to associate your activity while on our website with your IP address in order to improve our site and services.  To opt-out of any marketing communications you receive from us please see the Data Subject Rights and Requests section.  Communication Preferences  You can stop the delivery of future promotional email from FVW sites and services by following the specific instructions in the email you receive. Youmayalso have the option of proactively making choices about the communications you receive from FVW by emailingprivacy@focusvision.comwith your preferences or contacting us at:  Privacy OfficerFocusVision Worldwide, Inc.7 River Park Place East Suite 110,Fresno, CA 93720+1 (203) 428-2448/877-787-1253.  Links to Other Sites  Our Website may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by FocusVision. Please be aware that FocusVision is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and statements of other sites to understand their information practices. This Statement applies only to information collected by our Website.  International Data Transfer  Please be aware that your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country. Specifically, our servers are located in the United States, The EU , and Australia and our third-party service providers (including Amazon Web Services (“AWS”)) and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of these countries.  We have implemented appropriate safeguards with our third-party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request.  Use of Cookies  FVW uses “cookies” to our services more easily and to help personalize your online experience. A “cookie” is a set of data that a web server stores on your computer that enables the server to recognize your computer. Cookies enable websites to “remember” your entries as you move from page to page, or when you revisit the site from time to time using the same computer. The data set that makes up a cookie will typically not have any meaning to anyone other than the party that placed the cookie. A cookie cannot retrieve other data from your computer’s hard drive or pass on computer viruses. Two different types of cookies are used in connection with our website: “Session cookies” track the user’s progression through our sites in a single visit. These cookies enable us to remember things as the user progresses from one page to another. With most Internet browsers, session cookies are either deleted or rendered inaccessible to us and our agents as soon as the user closes his or her browser. “Persistent cookies” allow us to remember a user at the user’s next visit. Persistent cookies are neither automatically erased nor rendered inaccessible upon closing the user’s browser, although persistent cookies will typically “expire” after some number of years. Upon expiration, such cookies may be deleted by the user’s browser or rendered inaccessible to us. (If you do not want these cookies to remain on your computer, you can erase them through use of your browser settings.) Both session and persistent cookies may also be used in connection with HTML email sent by us. Your browser or other software you install may permit you to restrict the use of session cookies, persistent cookies or all cookies. If you elect to not permit the use of persistent cookies only, you may enjoy the full functionality of our website; however, if you do so, you will need to re-enter some data upon your return visit or during the login process.  Use of Web Beacons  FVW Web pages may contain electronic images known as “pixel tags”, “web beacons” or other technologies (collectively, “web beacons”). Web beacons are used to collect non-personally identifiable data and to assist in delivering cookies on our site and allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver services. We may include Web beacons in promotional email messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.  Do Not Track Signals  We do not collect or respond to Do Not Track signals and our websites do not function differently based on any Do Not Track preferences that may be received. For more information on Do Not Track signals, please visithttps://allaboutdnt.com/  Enforcement of This Privacy Statement  If you have questions regarding this statement, please contact us at:  Privacy OfficerFocusVision Worldwide, Inc.7 River Park Place East Suite 110,Fresno, CA 93720+1 (203) 428-2448/877-787-1253.privacy@focusvision.com  Changes to This Privacy Statement  We will occasionally update this Statement to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback. When we post changes to this Statement, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this statement. If there are material changes to how FVW will use your personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change or by directly sending you a notification. We suggest you periodically review this Statement to be informed of how FVW is protecting your information.  Subsidiaries and Affiliates of FVW, bound by this Statement include:  Decipher, Inc.Kinesis Survey Technologies, LLCRevelation, Inc.  Contacting Us  FVW welcomes your comments regarding this Statement. If you have questions about this Statement or believe that we have not adhered to it, please contact us at:  Privacy OfficerFocusVision Worldwide, Inc.7 River Park Place East Suite 110,Fresno, CA 93720+1 (203) 428-2448/877-787-1253.privacy@focusvision.com   The California Consumer Privacy Act affords California consumers certain rights over their personal information (subject to certain exceptions). If you are a California resident, please review ourCalifornia Consumer Privacy Act Notice for information on your rights.  Data Subject Rights and Requests  Instructions for submitting Requests Regarding the Handling of Your Personal Data (For Data Subjects, Data Controllers and website visitors-please read carefully)  There are many laws and regulations protecting and enabling individuals’ privacy rights in effect around the world which give individuals rights regarding their personal data such as the ability to request access, erasure, and restriction of processing. While laws may define personal data differently, this is generally any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. If an organization holds and/or processes your personal data, you may request that the organization take an action on your data as allowed by the relevant law. We refer to this request as aData Subject RequestorDSR.  When making a DSR it is important to understand that most laws require you to make the requestdirectly to the organization that has primary control over your data; referred to as the Data Controller. While FocusVision does process personal data, we are typically acting as adata processor; collecting and processing your data on behalf of our clients who are the data controller. Further, most laws require that FocusVision (as a data processor) must not take action on personal data requests received directly from data subjects until the data controller has authenticated the request and given FocusVision direction on what action to take. For this reason, we strongly recommend that you contact the data controller directly for the fastest response to your request.  If FocusVisionisthe data controller, such as when we are sending you marketing related information, you may make the request by mail or email at the addresses noted below.  Information to provide us with when we are the data controller and you are making a data subject request:  Attach or forward the original email you received, e.g., the emailedinvitation to participate, associated with the project(s) or events(s)where your data was collectedIf you do not have the original email, then please provide the following:First NameLast NameEmail address (if different than that used to send request)Research Topic (if known)Type of research or event where data was provided; webinar registration, online project booking, online survey, bulletin board, webcam interview, etc.Date(s) of event or research participationThe action you would like us to take regarding your information  We will respond to your request within the timeframe allowed under the applicable law.  Please note that in cases where we arenotthe data controller and youprovide the same information listed above, we will:– Attempt to verify your request and identify the data controller (this mayrequire we contact you for additional information)-If we are able to identify the data controller, we will inform the datacontroller of your request so that they may communicate with you directly.  Please communicate your request to our Privacy Officer at:  Privacy OfficerFocusVision Worldwide, Inc.7 River Park Place East,Suite 110, Fresno, CA 93720+1 (203) 428-2448/877-787-1253.privacy@focusvision.com  Privacy Shield Policy  FocusVision Worldwide, Inc. and its US affiliates (Decipher, Inc; Kinesis Survey Technologies, LLC; and Revelation, Inc.) comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. FocusVision Worldwide, Inc. and its US affiliates have certified to the Department of Commerce that they adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:https://www.privacyshield.gov. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.  The United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) is the enforcement authority with jurisdiction over this compliance with the Privacy Shield.  In compliance with the US-EU and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, FocusVision Worldwide, Inc. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact FocusVision Worldwide, Inc. at:  Privacy OfficerFocusVision Worldwide, Inc.7 River Park Place East Suite 110,Fresno, CA 93720+1 (203) 428-2448/877-787-1253.privacy@focusvision.com  FocusVision Worldwide, Inc. has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visithttp://www.bbb.org/EU-privacyshield/for-eu-consumers  for more information and to file a complaint. Where a complaint cannot be resolved by any of the before mentioned recourse mechanisms, individuals may have a right to invoke binding arbitration under the Privacy Shield Panel as a recourse mechanism of ’last resort’.  Note, in certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.  Opt-In Consent when FVW is Data Controller  In general, all persons providing personal data are required by FVW policy andprivacy laws to be given a choice, or consent, to how their data may be used.  When FVW is the data controller, we will disclose the purpose for which personal data collected will be used and will provide individuals the opportunity to choose (opt-in) to whether their personal data is used. If the information is to be used for a purpose other than it was originally collected, FVW will contact the individual to obtain consent for the new purpose.  General Information  Marketing Activity  When you receive newsletters or promotional email from FVW, we may use web beacons (described below), customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the email has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you more focused email communications or other information. We may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other companies. For example, we may use services from other companies that enable us to associate your activity while on our website with your IP address in order to improve our site and services.  To opt-out of any marketing communications you receive from us please see the Data Subject Rights and Requests section.  Communication Preferences  You can stop the delivery of future promotional email from FVW sites and services by following the specific instructions in the email you receive. Youmayalso have the option of proactively making choices about the communications you receive from FVW by emailingprivacy@focusvision.comwith your preferences or contacting us at:  Privacy OfficerFocusVision Worldwide, Inc.7 River Park Place East Suite 110,Fresno, CA 93720+1 (203) 428-2448/877-787-1253.  Links to Other Sites  Our Website may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by FocusVision. Please be aware that FocusVision is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and statements of other sites to understand their information practices. This Statement applies only to information collected by our Website.  International Data Transfer  Please be aware that your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country. Specifically, our servers are located in the United States, The EU , and Australia and our third-party service providers (including Amazon Web Services (“AWS”)) and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of these countries.  We have implemented appropriate safeguards with our third-party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request.  Use of Cookies  FVW uses “cookies” to our services more easily and to help personalize your online experience. A “cookie” is a set of data that a web server stores on your computer that enables the server to recognize your computer. Cookies enable websites to “remember” your entries as you move from page to page, or when you revisit the site from time to time using the same computer. The data set that makes up a cookie will typically not have any meaning to anyone other than the party that placed the cookie. A cookie cannot retrieve other data from your computer’s hard drive or pass on computer viruses. Two different types of cookies are used in connection with our website: “Session cookies” track the user’s progression through our sites in a single visit. These cookies enable us to remember things as the user progresses from one page to another. With most Internet browsers, session cookies are either deleted or rendered inaccessible to us and our agents as soon as the user closes his or her browser. “Persistent cookies” allow us to remember a user at the user’s next visit. Persistent cookies are neither automatically erased nor rendered inaccessible upon closing the user’s browser, although persistent cookies will typically “expire” after some number of years. Upon expiration, such cookies may be deleted by the user’s browser or rendered inaccessible to us. (If you do not want these cookies to remain on your computer, you can erase them through use of your browser settings.) Both session and persistent cookies may also be used in connection with HTML email sent by us. Your browser or other software you install may permit you to restrict the use of session cookies, persistent cookies or all cookies. If you elect to not permit the use of persistent cookies only, you may enjoy the full functionality of our website; however, if you do so, you will need to re-enter some data upon your return visit or during the login process.  Use of Web Beacons  FVW Web pages may contain electronic images known as “pixel tags”, “web beacons” or other technologies (collectively, “web beacons”). Web beacons are used to collect non-personally identifiable data and to assist in delivering cookies on our site and allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver services. We may include Web beacons in promotional email messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.  Do Not Track Signals  We do not collect or respond to Do Not Track signals and our websites do not function differently based on any Do Not Track preferences that may be received. For more information on Do Not Track signals, please visithttps://allaboutdnt.com/  Enforcement of This Privacy Statement  If you have questions regarding this statement, please contact us at:  Privacy OfficerFocusVision Worldwide, Inc.7 River Park Place East Suite 110,Fresno, CA 93720+1 (203) 428-2448/877-787-1253.privacy@focusvision.com  Changes to This Privacy Statement  We will occasionally update this Statement to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback. When we post changes to this Statement, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this statement. If there are material changes to how FVW will use your personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change or by directly sending you a notification. We suggest you periodically review this Statement to be informed of how FVW is protecting your information.  Subsidiaries and Affiliates of FVW, bound by this Statement include:  Decipher, Inc.Kinesis Survey Technologies, LLCRevelation, Inc.  Contacting Us  FVW welcomes your comments regarding this Statement. If you have questions about this Statement or believe that we have not adhered to it, please contact us at:  Privacy OfficerFocusVision Worldwide, Inc.7 River Park Place East Suite 110,Fresno, CA 93720+1 (203) 428-2448/877-787-1253.privacy@focusvision.com   Instructions for submitting Requests Regarding the Handling of Your Personal Data (For Data Subjects, Data Controllers and website visitors-please read carefully)  There are many laws and regulations protecting and enabling individuals’ privacy rights in effect around the world which give individuals rights regarding their personal data such as the ability to request access, erasure, and restriction of processing. While laws may define personal data differently, this is generally any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. If an organization holds and/or processes your personal data, you may request that the organization take an action on your data as allowed by the relevant law. We refer to this request as aData Subject RequestorDSR.  When making a DSR it is important to understand that most laws require you to make the requestdirectly to the organization that has primary control over your data; referred to as the Data Controller. While FocusVision does process personal data, we are typically acting as adata processor; collecting and processing your data on behalf of our clients who are the data controller. Further, most laws require that FocusVision (as a data processor) must not take action on personal data requests received directly from data subjects until the data controller has authenticated the request and given FocusVision direction on what action to take. For this reason, we strongly recommend that you contact the data controller directly for the fastest response to your request.  If FocusVisionisthe data controller, such as when we are sending you marketing related information, you may make the request by mail or email at the addresses noted below.  Information to provide us with when we are the data controller and you are making a data subject request:  Attach or forward the original email you received, e.g., the emailedinvitation to participate, associated with the project(s) or events(s)where your data was collectedIf you do not have the original email, then please provide the following:First NameLast NameEmail address (if different than that used to send request)Research Topic (if known)Type of research or event where data was provided; webinar registration, online project booking, online survey, bulletin board, webcam interview, etc.Date(s) of event or research participationThe action you would like us to take regarding your information  We will respond to your request within the timeframe allowed under the applicable law.  Please note that in cases where we arenotthe data controller and youprovide the same information listed above, we will:– Attempt to verify your request and identify the data controller (this mayrequire we contact you for additional information)-If we are able to identify the data controller, we will inform the datacontroller of your request so that they may communicate with you directly.  Please communicate your request to our Privacy Officer at:  Privacy OfficerFocusVision Worldwide, Inc.7 River Park Place East,Suite 110, Fresno, CA 93720+1 (203) 428-2448/877-787-1253.privacy@focusvision.com  Privacy Shield Policy  FocusVision Worldwide, Inc. and its US affiliates (Decipher, Inc; Kinesis Survey Technologies, LLC; and Revelation, Inc.) comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. FocusVision Worldwide, Inc. and its US affiliates have certified to the Department of Commerce that they adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:https://www.privacyshield.gov. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.  The United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) is the enforcement authority with jurisdiction over this compliance with the Privacy Shield.  In compliance with the US-EU and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, FocusVision Worldwide, Inc. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact FocusVision Worldwide, Inc. at:  Privacy OfficerFocusVision Worldwide, Inc.7 River Park Place East Suite 110,Fresno, CA 93720+1 (203) 428-2448/877-787-1253.privacy@focusvision.com  FocusVision Worldwide, Inc. has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visithttp://www.bbb.org/EU-privacyshield/for-eu-consumers  for more information and to file a complaint. Where a complaint cannot be resolved by any of the before mentioned recourse mechanisms, individuals may have a right to invoke binding arbitration under the Privacy Shield Panel as a recourse mechanism of ’last resort’.  Note, in certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.  Opt-In Consent when FVW is Data Controller  In general, all persons providing personal data are required by FVW policy andprivacy laws to be given a choice, or consent, to how their data may be used.  When FVW is the data controller, we will disclose the purpose for which personal data collected will be used and will provide individuals the opportunity to choose (opt-in) to whether their personal data is used. If the information is to be used for a purpose other than it was originally collected, FVW will contact the individual to obtain consent for the new purpose.  General Information  Marketing Activity  When you receive newsletters or promotional email from FVW, we may use web beacons (described below), customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the email has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you more focused email communications or other information. We may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other companies. For example, we may use services from other companies that enable us to associate your activity while on our website with your IP address in order to improve our site and services.  To opt-out of any marketing communications you receive from us please see the Data Subject Rights and Requests section.  Communication Preferences  You can stop the delivery of future promotional email from FVW sites and services by following the specific instructions in the email you receive. Youmayalso have the option of proactively making choices about the communications you receive from FVW by emailingprivacy@focusvision.comwith your preferences or contacting us at:  Privacy OfficerFocusVision Worldwide, Inc.7 River Park Place East Suite 110,Fresno, CA 93720+1 (203) 428-2448/877-787-1253.  Links to Other Sites  Our Website may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by FocusVision. Please be aware that FocusVision is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and statements of other sites to understand their information practices. This Statement applies only to information collected by our Website.  International Data Transfer  Please be aware that your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country. Specifically, our servers are located in the United States, The EU , and Australia and our third-party service providers (including Amazon Web Services (“AWS”)) and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of these countries.  We have implemented appropriate safeguards with our third-party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request.  Use of Cookies  FVW uses “cookies” to our services more easily and to help personalize your online experience. A “cookie” is a set of data that a web server stores on your computer that enables the server to recognize your computer. Cookies enable websites to “remember” your entries as you move from page to page, or when you revisit the site from time to time using the same computer. The data set that makes up a cookie will typically not have any meaning to anyone other than the party that placed the cookie. A cookie cannot retrieve other data from your computer’s hard drive or pass on computer viruses. Two different types of cookies are used in connection with our website: “Session cookies” track the user’s progression through our sites in a single visit. These cookies enable us to remember things as the user progresses from one page to another. With most Internet browsers, session cookies are either deleted or rendered inaccessible to us and our agents as soon as the user closes his or her browser. “Persistent cookies” allow us to remember a user at the user’s next visit. Persistent cookies are neither automatically erased nor rendered inaccessible upon closing the user’s browser, although persistent cookies will typically “expire” after some number of years. Upon expiration, such cookies may be deleted by the user’s browser or rendered inaccessible to us. (If you do not want these cookies to remain on your computer, you can erase them through use of your browser settings.) Both session and persistent cookies may also be used in connection with HTML email sent by us. Your browser or other software you install may permit you to restrict the use of session cookies, persistent cookies or all cookies. If you elect to not permit the use of persistent cookies only, you may enjoy the full functionality of our website; however, if you do so, you will need to re-enter some data upon your return visit or during the login process.  Use of Web Beacons  FVW Web pages may contain electronic images known as “pixel tags”, “web beacons” or other technologies (collectively, “web beacons”). Web beacons are used to collect non-personally identifiable data and to assist in delivering cookies on our site and allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver services. We may include Web beacons in promotional email messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.  Do Not Track Signals  We do not collect or respond to Do Not Track signals and our websites do not function differently based on any Do Not Track preferences that may be received. For more information on Do Not Track signals, please visithttps://allaboutdnt.com/  Enforcement of This Privacy Statement  If you have questions regarding this statement, please contact us at:  Privacy OfficerFocusVision Worldwide, Inc.7 River Park Place East Suite 110,Fresno, CA 93720+1 (203) 428-2448/877-787-1253.privacy@focusvision.com  Changes to This Privacy Statement  We will occasionally update this Statement to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback. When we post changes to this Statement, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this statement. If there are material changes to how FVW will use your personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change or by directly sending you a notification. We suggest you periodically review this Statement to be informed of how FVW is protecting your information.  Subsidiaries and Affiliates of FVW, bound by this Statement include:  Decipher, Inc.Kinesis Survey Technologies, LLCRevelation, Inc.  Contacting Us  FVW welcomes your comments regarding this Statement. If you have questions about this Statement or believe that we have not adhered to it, please contact us at:  Privacy OfficerFocusVision Worldwide, Inc.7 River Park Place East Suite 110,Fresno, CA 93720+1 (203) 428-2448/877-787-1253.privacy@focusvision.com 