Title: Privacy Center – Snap Inc.
URL: https://www.snap.com/en-US/privacy/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: device, collect, access, data, services, example, privacy, information, center, share, content, snap
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   You can exercise your rights of access, deletion, correction, and portability as described in theControl Over Your Informationsection above.  Bases for Using Your Information  Your country only allows us to use your personal information when certain conditions apply. These conditions are called “legal bases” and, at Snap, we typically rely on one of four:  Contract.One reason we might use your information is because you’ve entered into an agreement with us. For example, when you buy an On-Demand Geofilter and accepted our Custom Creative Tools Terms, we need to use some of your information to collect payment and make sure we show your Geofilter to the right people at the right place and time.Legitimate interest.Another reason we might use your information is because we have—or a third party has—a legitimate interest in doing so. For example, we need to use your information  to provide and improve our services, including protecting your account, delivering your Snaps, providing customer support, and helping you find friends and content we think you’ll like. Because most of our services are free, we also use some information about you to try and show you ads you’ll find interesting. An important point to understand about legitimate interest is that our interests don’t outweigh your right to privacy, so we only rely on legitimate interest when we think the way we are using your data doesn’t significantly impact your privacy or would be expected by you, or there is a compelling reason to do so. We explain our legitimate business reasons for using your information in more detailhere.Consent.In some cases we’ll ask for consent to use your information for specific purposes. If we do, we’ll make sure you can revoke your consent in our services or through your device permissions. Even if we’re not relying on consent to use your information, we may ask you for permission to access data like contacts and location.Legal obligation.We may be required to use your personal information to comply with the law, like when we respond to valid legal process or need to take action to protect our users. Our policy is to notify Snapchatters when we receive legal process seeking their account information, with some exceptions. Learn morehere.  Your Right to Object  You have the right to object to our use of your information. With many types of data, we’ve provided you with the ability to simply delete it if you don’t want us processing it anymore. For other types of data, we’ve given you the ability to stop the use of your data by disabling the feature altogether. You can do these things in the app. If there are other types of information you don’t agree with us processing, you cancontact us.  International Transfers  We may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States and other countries outside of where you live. Whenever we share information of EU users outside the EU we make sure an adequate transfer mechanism is in place. You can find more information on the categories of third parties we share information withhere.  Complaints?If you’re based in the EU, you can always file a complaint with thesupervisory authorityin your Member State.   You have the right to object to our use of your information. With many types of data, we’ve provided you with the ability to simply delete it if you don’t want us processing it anymore. For other types of data, we’ve given you the ability to stop the use of your data by disabling the feature altogether. You can do these things in the app. If there are other types of information you don’t agree with us processing, you cancontact us.  International Transfers  We may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States and other countries outside of where you live. Whenever we share information of EU users outside the EU we make sure an adequate transfer mechanism is in place. You can find more information on the categories of third parties we share information withhere.  Complaints?If you’re based in the EU, you can always file a complaint with thesupervisory authorityin your Member State. 