Title: Privacy policy - Website
URL: https://www.ox.ac.uk/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: website, personal, processing, example, site, ask, privacy, data, enables, request, policy, information

Reduced Policy:  Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to: Request access to your data(commonly known as a "subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of your data and to check that we are lawfully processing it.Request correction of your data. This enables you to ask us to correct any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you.Request erasure of your data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove your data under certain circumstances, for example, if you consider that there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).Object to processing of your data where we are relying on our legitimate interests(or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground.Request the restriction of processing of your data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your data, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.Request the transfer of your data to another party. Depending on the circumstances and the nature of your request it may not be possible for us to do what you have asked, for example, where there is a statutory or contractual requirement for us to process your data and it would not be possible to fulfil our legal obligations if we were to stop. Further information on your rights is available from theInformation Commissioner’s Office(ICO). If you want to exercise any of the rights described above or are dissatisfied with the way we have used your information, you should contact the University’sInformation Compliance Teamatdata.protection@admin.ox.ac.uk. The same email address may be used to contact the University’s Data Protection Officer. We will seek to deal with your request without undue delay, and in any event in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR. Please note that we may keep a record of your communications to help us resolve any issues which you raise. If you remain dissatisfied, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the ICO athttps://ico.org.uk/concerns/. J) Cookies Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see ourCookie policy. K) Changes to this policy Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy. L) Contact If you wish to raise any queries or concerns about this privacy policy please contact the Information Compliance Team by email atdata.protection@admin.ox.ac.ukor by post at University of Oxford, University Offices, Wellington Square, Oxford, OX1 2JD.