Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.livemobility.com/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: policy, collect, data, personal, services, address, livemobility, privacy, information, user
Policy: 
PRIVACY STATEMENTS

Livemobility Privacy Policy

When you use Livemobility services, you trust us with your personal information. In this Privacy Policy we want to give you clear and transparent information about how we use your personal information.

We make every effort to protect your privacy, so we use your personal information carefully. In all cases, Livemobility B.V. conform to the applicable legislation, according to the general Data Protection Regulation.

This means that we:

– Process your personal data in accordance with the purpose for which it is provided. These purposes and the type of personal information are described in this policy

– The processing of the personal data is limited to only the minimum data required for the purposes for which they are processed

– Request explicit permission to use your personal data if necessary for processing

– Ensure the necessary technical and organizational measures to ensure the security of your personal data

– Do not transfer your personal information to third parties, unless this is essential for the execution of the purposes

– To be aware of your rights, to inform you about this and to respect them

As Livemobility B.V. we are responsible for the processing of your personal data. Contact us if you have any questions.

Information we collect

We use the information we collect from our services to offer, maintain, secure and improve for Livemobility and our users. We do not collect sensitive personal information about confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origin, political or religious beliefs or sexuality.

We collect information in the following ways:

Information that you give us, such as your name, e-mail address and telephone number.

Information we receive from our use of the Livemobility services, such as Log information

When you use our services, we automatically collect certain information in server logs and store them. This includes but is not limited to:

details on how you used our service

telephony log information, such as your telephone number, time and date or calls to our helpdesk, the duration of these calls

Internet protocol address of your smartphone when using the Livemobility app browser type, browser language, the date and time of your visits

cookies that can uniquely identify your browser

Location info

When you use our services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use different technologies to determine the location, including IP address, GPS and other sensors.

Local storage

We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage and app data cache.

See Appendix A for a detailed overview of what information we collect, why we collect it and how it is stored.

How we use information that we collect:

We use the information we collect from our services to offer, maintain, secure and improve for Livemobility and our users. We also use this information to offer you various options such as:

Automatic trip registration with recognition of Bicycle, OV and Car;

Insight into journey distances and its derivatives: travel expenses; Co2 emissions; KCal consumption Travel and delay time;

Reward for sustainable mobility choices;

Sort alternative travel options by relevance.

We process your personal information and the information we collect from our services within the EU.

Access and update your personal data

Every time you use our services, we try to give you access to your personal information. If that information is incorrect, we want to give you the possibility to adjust or remove it – unless we need this information for legal or business reasons.

We want to maintain our services so that information is protected against accidental or malicious destruction. Therefore, we can not immediately delete the files from our active servers and we can not delete information from our backup systems.

Information we share

We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Livemobility unless one of the following conditions applies:

Via Employers or Project Client

If your Livemobility account is managed by your Employer or Project Client, then your Employer or Project Principal will have access to your Livemobility account information and will receive your (published) ride information. Your Employer or Project Principal may:

View statistics about your approved journeys, such as travel cost statistics, CO2 emissions, Travel and Delay time, and point balance.

Terminate your company account access.

Receive your account information to comply with applicable laws, regulations, legal procedures or an enforceable government request

Limit the ability of you to delete or edit information or privacy settings

For legal reasons

We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Livemobility if we believe in good faith that access, use, retention or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:

To comply with applicable laws, regulations, legal procedures or an enforceable government request

Applying applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of possible violations

Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical problems

Damage to prevent the rights, property or safety of Livemobility, our users or the public as required or permitted by law

We may publicly share non-personally identifiable information to show trends in our marketing materials about the general use of our car sharing platform

If Livemobility is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of personal information and notify the users concerned before personal information is transferred or subject to a different privacy policy.

Livemobility does not share personal data with a sub-processor without a sub-processor agreement that complies with the general data protection regulation.

Information security

We work hard to protect Livemobility and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized modification, disclosure or destruction of information we own. In particular:

We encrypt our services with Secure Socket Layer.

We evaluate our procedures for collecting, storing and processing information, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.

We restrict access to personal information to employees, contractors and agents of Livemobility who need this information to process it for us and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations. If they do not meet these obligations, they are addressed and the contract can be terminated.

When this privacy policy applies

Our privacy policy applies to all services offered by Livemobility B.V. Our privacy policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals that are linked to our services. Our privacy policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services.

Compliance and cooperation with regulatory authorities

We regularly review our compliance with our privacy policy. We also comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (AVG). When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who submitted the complaint to follow up. We work with appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve complaints about the transfer of personal data that we can not resolve directly with our users.

Right to be forgotten

New under GDPR is the right of a user to be ‘forgotten’ by the Livemobility service. Because physical removal is not possible, we will anonymize the profile data of the user instead. For this purpose, a request can be sent to info@livemobility.com stating the account name or number and / or associated e-mail address.

An application will be completed within a maximum of 8 weeks to take into account a period for receiving any fines and closing all invoices. Reports available for legal / tax / cost purposes are no longer available to this user after the application.

Invoices remain in Livemobility Backoffice because there is a legal obligation to keep invoices for tax and legal purposes.

The storage of Livemobility service data for backups is 4 weeks, so the maximum turnaround time to be ‘forgotten’ is 12 weeks in total.

Right of data portability

New to AVG is also the right of a user to have his information exported from the Livemobility services. The user can export his historical booking information via the Livemobility login page and the button.

Data retention

Livemobility B.V. does not store your personal data longer than is strictly necessary by law or for purposes of processing. Livemobility automatically deactivates a user account when it has not been used for 2 years. 2 years after deactivation, the user data of this user account is automatically anonymous.

Changes

Our privacy policy may change from time to time. We will not modify your rights under this Privacy Policy without your express consent. We will post changes to the Privacy Policy in the Livemobility app and we will also keep previous versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.

Appendix A

User name

Unique ID of a user needed to log in to the Livemobility services. Because the user himself can determine this user name, this can contain personal information.

E-mail

The e-mail address is used for:

Communication during the various processes when using the Livemobility services, such as periodic updates, reaching milestones, webshop news and promotions.

This information can be viewed and modified by the user

First Name

Used to personalize communication (optional).

Last name

Home address (street name + house number + residence)

The home address of the user is used to:

Departure from and arrival at home address to be determined.

In combination with work address – to determine commute to work.

Work address (street name + house number + place name)

The work address of the user is used to:

Departure from and arrival at work address to be determined.

In combination with home address – to determine commute to work.

Transport choices

The transportation options that a user enters are used to check the trip data. The automatically generated ride data is reduced to the options formulated here.

OV Chip card number

In addition to the public transport pass data, OV chip card data are used to check and complete the journey data (optional).

Phone number

Used to apply two-factor verification (optional).

Trip data

Move data (including work from home) entered by location information or manual entry.

This information can be viewed by the user but can not be modified

Location information

GPS positioning is used to determine displacements:

This determines the distance and the duration of the user’s movement.

This determines the average speed driven by the user

Based on this information, the choice of public transport, bicycle and car is determined.

Based on transport choice and distance and duration, costs, Co2 emissions and KCal consumption are determined.

The output can be checked once assigned to Employer or Project Client.

When setting up the Livemobility service, the accessibility to this information can be restricted to selected Employer or Project Principal (s).

This information can not be viewed or modified by the user

Invoices

Personal information from User is used in Invoices and reports. Invoices are kept in the system for legal purposes.


