Title: How to Write a Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.termsfeed.com/blog/write-privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: collect, data, user, personal, list, information, users, privacy, write, policy, need

Policy: A Privacy Policy is an agreement that explains how you collect, use, manage, and disclose user data.

A Privacy Policy is required by most jurisdictions in the world. and with consumers being more savvy about information security as time goes on, a Privacy Policy offers reassurance so users will trust you with their information.

The type of information you handle affects the complexity of your Privacy Policy. These instructions address writing a basic Privacy Policy that will help you comply with various laws.

Before You Write Your Privacy Policy

Since a Privacy Policy is a legal requirement, you need to spend time planning before you write it.

Address the following issues in a brainstorming session with other employees or spend quality time reflecting on them so you do not overlook essential elements of your Privacy Policy.

Relevant Laws

Privacy laws all tend to cover the same general subject matter - Privacy - but you may have additional requirements that are relevant in one jurisdiction but not another.

For example, if your website caters mainly to American customers but you start offering services in the E.U., your Privacy Policy for those websites will be different from the American version.

These are the main global laws you must consider:

The EU's GDPR

The GDPR is currently one of the world's most strict and broadly-reaching privacy law. It affects businesses around the world that interact with or reach people in the EU.

If you must comply with the GDPR, you'll need a Privacy Policy with some specific information included within in. For example, your Privacy Policy needs to inform users of their GDPR-granted rights, what your lawful basis for processing data is, and provide a way for users to contact you.

Your Privacy Policy needs to be written in clear language that an average person can understand, and you must make the policy easy to find and access.

CalOPPA in the US

While the U.S. does not have a broad federal law that places privacy protection requirements on companies, California passed a state law imposing privacy protection. Since California is a large population center in the U.S., it's impossible to transact American business without involving customers living in California.

CalOPPA (California Online Privacy Protection Act) requires developers to create a Privacy Policy and display a conspicuous link to it on their websites. This is required of all developers who collect personally identifiable information like names, street addresses, telephone numbers, birth dates, and email addresses.

To comply, you need to pay attention when designing your website. Customers must find the link to your Privacy Policy easily and not have to dig through text, graphics or other distractions to access it.

Onyx Coffee Lab provides a good example here:

COPPA in the US

COPPA (Child Online Privacy Protection Act) is a U.S. law that affects privacy practices for websites and apps directed at children under 13. It contains additional protections if you create online products for children.

Privacy Policies adapted for the COPPA law must be clearly posted and address the fact that you collect personal information from children under 13. It grants rights to parents to verify consent, review the information, make requests, and deny future access to the data.

COPPA Privacy Policies are more complex and go beyond the basic drafting instructions addressed in this guide. Many companies, like Tumblr, limit use of their apps to those age 17 and older in order to avoid COPPA requirements.

PIPEDA in Canada

If you're transacting business in Canada, you're held to the requirements of PIPEDA (Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act).

The law affects all businesses (including foreign ones) that collect, use, and store personal information provided by customers.

The PIPEDA law requires that you:

Draft a clear Privacy Policy that informs users of your information practices,

Collect personal information by fair and lawful means, and

Secure consent before collecting personal data

Like with CalOPPA in the U.S., your Privacy Policy should be easy to find on your website.

Also, during the signup form, use clickwrap to assure users accept the terms of your Privacy Policy to secure consent. You may wish to add banners and other prompts that warn users that you're requesting personal information.

DPA in the UK

The U.K. act, the Data Protection Act 1998 (DPA), addresses how business, the government, and organizations use personal information. Through its "Principles of Data Protection", the DPA law assures information is collected, used, and stored securely.

If you are transacting business in the U.K., you must assure:

Collected information is used fairly and lawfully,

Data is used for limited and specific purposes,

Information is used only to the extent that it is adequate and not excessive,

The information you store is accurate,

No data is stored for longer than necessary,

Security for data in your possession,

Respect for users' rights including correcting data, denying future access or providing notification if there is a breach, and

No data transfer to entities outside the U.K. without precautions

Many of these principles are addressed well through a complete Privacy Policy. You also need to make the effort to provide comprehensive data security.

Privacy Act in Australia

Like the U.K. law, Australia's Privacy Act 1988 also contains privacy principles governing the collection and handling of personal data.

Under these principles, you must provide:

Clear explanations on how personal data is collected and managed,

Anonymity or pseudonymity when requested,

A destruction process if you receive unsolicited personal information,

Notification to users if you collect personal information,

Disclosure of direct marketing efforts if your service includes it,

Limited distribution of data outside of Australia,

A way for users to access and correct personal information you collect, and

Effective security procedures for protecting personal information

Unlike the other laws, this one only applies to Australian businesses and agencies. However, if you run a health service provider, it will apply to you even if you are a foreign business. When it comes to health information, the requirements are relevant to all entities who interact with Australian citizens.

Review Data Collection and Use

The less personal information you request, handle, and store, the easier it is to write your Privacy Policy. You can make this work for you by reviewing the necessity of collected data.

Take an honest assessment of the user data you collect (or wish to collect) and its necessity.

For example, if you're providing an app that allows users to track mental health symptoms, do you really need a medical record number, home address or primary care provider's name?

In this example, it's likely easier to request a username and email address at signup or allow the user to participate anonymously.

However, if your app alerts users to health test results, you actually require more personal information. In this case, you'll need to assure a good Privacy by Design approach to data security and keeping users informed.

Performing this audit makes compliance easier too. The jurisdictions listed above encourage developers to only request as much personal data as necessary. A critical assessment of the minimum data you need for your website or app to work proves essential in this area.

Writing the Privacy Policy

The following is the general order for your Privacy Policy clauses. You will notice in the examples that most companies use plain language and formats that users can comprehend.

After you read this article, use our Privacy Policy Generator tool for free here.

Information Collected

The type of information you collect and how you collect it can be combined in one section. If they are in separate sections because of the detail you must provide, the sections should always be next to each other in the Privacy Policy.

The easiest way to address this section is with a list. You can use bold type, headings or a bulleted list - whatever you prefer.

There are Privacy Policies that crowd this information into a paragraph format. That is not easy for users to read. A list is easily digested and understood.

Also, the list acts as a checklist so you can be sure you did not miss anything. That also assists with compliance.

LinkedIn takes the most detailed approach. That is likely due to the fact it collects immense personal data including full names, city of residence, job history, and certifications.

These are the first two paragraphs of LinkedIn's section on information collection. It lists a type of information and then offers an explanation:

Pandora offers a similar list using bold type and paragraphs to describe the information it collects. This is a sample of the types of data it collects and how it gathers it:

There are also brief examples that do not cover pages of a Privacy Policy. Rovio, the creator of the Angry Birds franchise, combines the type of information collected with how it is gathered.

As a game developer, Rovio collects less information than LinkedIn and Pandora since it does not require names or payment information. That is likely why Rovio keeps this section short:

The Rovio example emphasizes the need for a list format. Unless your data collection is limited, you should avoid crowding this information into one paragraph, even if it's as short as Rovio's.

Use of Information

This is another long and important section to write in your Privacy Policy since your compliance with privacy laws may depend on it. Consider this section as an opportunity to explain to users why you use and disclose the data you collect.

Like the section on type of information and how it is collected, these provisions also benefit from a bulleted list.

However, when it comes to the use of information, there's often a need to provide reassurance. If this is your situation, you can present those provisions after your bulleted list.

Pandora starts its section on use with the list format:

After the list, it adds two paragraphs on the distribution of email addresses and other contact information. This is likely due to customer concerns they discovered as they ran their business:

If you have not come across specific concerns, a bulleted list may be enough for your purposes. BBC's reasons for user data including a personalized experience as a user accesses the news. Its section on use is limited to a list:

Your list should include how data collection benefits users but also your business model. This is not advertising your services but offering transparency. Even if you collect data to monitor patterns and satisfaction in order to develop new features, that still needs to be revealed to your users even if that effort never helps them.

Disclosure to Third Parties

There are situations where you may disclose user data to third parties and you need to let your users know about this possibility in your Privacy Policy.

You could be ordered by a court to do so or provide the data to a hired consultant. There are likely situations where you would share this data that have not occurred to you.

That is why you need to address how you share information with third parties - even if you have never felt the need to do so.

You don't want to face liability because you shared data with third parties in order to better understand the performance of your website or app.

Explaining in your Privacy Policy how you share data you collected covers these situations.

Pandora addresses disclosure with plain language and a bulleted list:

It also adds reassurance about personal information. Like in the examples above, this is a separate paragraph after a bulleted list:

Rovio takes a riskier approach because its paragraph on disclosure does not have a separate heading. It is more difficult to locate:

A general statement regarding disclosure is likely legally sufficient. But it's not reassuring to users and if you see many opportunities to disclose to third parties, offer details. Also, like the first two sections, this one should have its own heading in your Privacy Policy.

Protection of Information

Describing how you keep data secure is a legal requirement in the U.K. and a courtesy everywhere else. You can gain or lose users based on how they feel about your security measures.

While addressing this in the Privacy Policy places a contractual obligation on you to maintain security, it also offers transparency and reassurance.

This does not have to be a long section in most cases. Rovio summarizes its efforts as follows:

Amazon UK must follow the Data Protection Act 1998. Its security efforts are described in more detail to meet the principles of that law. If a user wants to inquire further, Amazon UK provides a link to a separate page on information security:

LinkedIn is primarily a U.S. networking service but it still explains how it enhances security:

If you can give your users specific information here without compromising your own security, do that. Common practices like SSL encryption and HTTPS access are worth mentioning and that detail will not compromise your proprietary interests. It will gain your users' confidence.

Rights of Users

The rights of users to delete data, make changes, and review data should also be clear in your Privacy Policy.

This is especially true if you transact business in the U.K.

Amazon UK uses a list and plain language. There are also links if users want to unsubscribe from lists or avoid solicitation:

BBC gives each right a separate heading. It's not under some blanket section of "rights" or choices. This includes users accessing their data:

And deleting their data:

There is also a right to reject cookies:

Both approaches here will work well for user rights. Don't forget to provide links to detailed sections and contact information in case users want to access or restrict their data.

Notification of Changes

This is technically a right granted to a user but it often occupies its own heading in a Privacy Policy. If you change your information practices and your Privacy Policy, users must be informed.

Giving yourself the duty to notify users of changes gives you more responsibilities, but this is also in the interest of transparency. Even if only a few users read that announcement on a revised Privacy Policy, you still satisfied your obligation.

These clauses also grant you the right to make changes. This is vital if this is your first Privacy Policy or you released an app that's different from your other products so that you have room to update your Policy as new issues arise and as you tweak and update the app itself and how it functions.

Errors may arise as you distribute your new app and run the next version of your website and you need the tools to address any errors you may have. One of these tools includes updating your agreements.

This portion of your Policy receives its own section and is usually short. LinkedIn offers this provision regarding changes to the Privacy Policy:

Pandora offers a notification section that provides timeframes of when changes go into effect:

You may notice this section includes acceptance language. Do not forget to add that if users continue with your app or website after the changes, that means that they accepted the new terms.

Good Privacy Policies end with contact information in case users have questions. You can provide this in any format you wish including email addresses, mailing addresses, telephone numbers or links to online forms.

LinkedIn includes contact information for within and outside the U.S., depending on where a user lives:

Pandora guides users to the "Listener Support" team but also provides a mailing address:

If you handle especially sensitive information like medical history or home addresses, you may want to dedicate a separate email address for these questions. That allows for a timely response and better service to your users.

Your Privacy Policy is a major component of user confidence and legal compliance.

These guidelines will help you write a basic Privacy Policy that's effective and compliant in the main jurisdictions around the world.

If you spend time considering your information practices and gathering details before you draft, this task will be less daunting and your finished Privacy Policy will be accurate, thorough and as complete as possible.

To make things even easier, use our Privacy Policy Generator tool for free here.
***************************************************************


Title: Sample Privacy Policy Template
URL: https://www.termsfeed.com/blog/sample-privacy-policy-template/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: collect, act, data, agreement, personal, users, template, privacy, information, policy, sample, website

Policy: Our Privacy Policy template lets you get started with a Privacy Policy agreement. This template is free to download and use.

A Privacy Policy agreement is the agreement where you specify if you collect personal data from your users, what kind of personal data you collect and what you do with that data.

This agreement is required by law if you collect personal data. Personal data is any kind of data or information that can be considered personal (identifies an individual) such as:

Email address

First and last name

Billing and shipping address

Credit card information

What is a Privacy Policy

A Privacy Policy is a legal statement that specifies what the business owner does with the personal data collected from users, along with how the data is processed and for what purposes.

In 1968, Council of Europe did studies on the threat of the Internet expansion as they were concerned with the effects of technology on human rights. This lead to the development of policies that were to be developed to protect personal data.

This marks the start of what we know now as a "Privacy Policy." While the name "Privacy Policy" refers to the legal agreement, the concept of privacy and protecting user data is closely related.

This agreement can also be known under these names:

Privacy Statement

Privacy Notice

Privacy Information

Privacy Page

A Privacy Policy can be used for both your website and mobile app if it's adapted to include the platforms your business operates on.

The requirements for Privacy Policies may differ from one country to another depending on the legislation. However, most privacy laws identify the following critical points that a business must comply with when dealing with personal data:

Notice - Data collectors must clearly disclose what they are doing with the personal information from users before collecting it.

- Data collectors must clearly disclose what they are doing with the personal information from users before collecting it. Choice - The companies collecting the data must respect the choices of users on what information they choose to provide.

- The companies collecting the data must respect the choices of users on what information they choose to provide. Access - Users should be able to view, update or request the removal of personal data collected by the company.

- Users should be able to view, update or request the removal of personal data collected by the company. Security - Companies are entirely responsible for the accuracy and security (keeping it properly away from unauthorized eyes and hands) of the collected personal information.

Who needs a Privacy Policy

Any entity (company or individual) that collects or uses personal information from users will need a Privacy Policy.

A Privacy Policy is required regardless of the type of platform your business operates on or what kind of industry you are in:

The basics of a Privacy Policy

In the EU, the GDPR requires companies dealing with EU citizens to have a Privacy Policy.

This law became enforceable in early 2018 and has affected businesses around the world. Not only does it require a Privacy Policy, but it has requirements for what must go into a Privacy Policy and how it must be written and displayed.

As a general rule, if you're compliant with Privacy Policy requirements of the GDPR, you'll by default end up complying with most other privacy laws around the world. That's because the GDPR is so robust and comes with stringent requirements.

In the US, privacy legislation may vary from one state to another. Certain federal laws govern users' data in some circumstances, such as in these examples:

The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act - This act obliges organizations to offer clear and accurate statements about their information collecting practices and it also limits usage and sharing of financial data.

- This act obliges organizations to offer clear and accurate statements about their information collecting practices and it also limits usage and sharing of financial data. COPPA - This act is especially for businesses that collect information about children under 13 years of age.

Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act - This act applies to online health services as well.

- This act applies to online health services as well. California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) - California's privacy law affects anyone collecting personal information from residents of California.

SOPIPA - This act applies if you collect personal data from students.

Content Eraser law - This law applies if you collect data from minors (under the age of 18).

In Canada, there's the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) generated by federal privacy laws.

This law established acceptable standards to limit and organize personal data gathering, usage, and disclosure by commercial institutions. This means that organizations may gather, use and disclose that percent of information for purposes that a reasonable person would consider fit in the circumstance.

The Privacy Commissioner of Canada stands for receiving and peacefully taking care of complaints against organizations. Its purpose is to solve privacy matters through compliance, not through enforcement. It reaches complaints, spreads the importance of awareness of and conducts studies about privacy issues.

In Australia, the Privacy Act requires Australian companies to have a Privacy Policy.

Before you draft this agreement for your business, consider the basic requirements for most online businesses that deal with personal data from users (this includes SaaS apps or Facebook apps as well):

That the privacy of your users is protected.

That you take full responsibility to protect the privacy of your users.

That you comply with active privacy laws.

What to include in your Privacy Policy

Download our Privacy Policy template by clicking here. It's free.

Users need to know exactly what kinds of personal data you collect from them.

Your Privacy Policy must also disclose why you collect this kind of data. Some examples include:

To help develop new services or improve your existing services

To send users emails about special offers, new services or other information they may be interested in

To personalize their sessions on your website in order to better fit their interests, such as offering them relevant, individually tailored content

If you already have a Privacy Policy for your website and you're now launching a mobile app, you need to first consider what new types of personal data you'll be collecting through the mobile app. Then, update your agreement to include the new changes: what you collect from the website and from the mobile app.

You should always inform users about any updates or changes to your Privacy Policy.

Disclose if any third parties are involved in collecting personal information in your name, i.e. you use MailChimp to collect email addresses to send weekly updates to your members.

Here are a few examples of common sections of a Privacy Policy:

The Information Collection and Use section is the most important section of the entire agreement where you need to inform users what kind of personal information you collect and how you are using that information. Here's how Asana, a project management tool, informs users that the tool collects personal information: The policy goes on to inform users about what kinds of information they may provide and how (by becoming a member, by connecting through Facebook, Twitter etc.): The Guardian's Privacy Policy includes a short, casually-written introduction that generally informs users what it does with the data it collects: The intro also specifies four main reasons why the company collects personal information:

A Log Data disclosure section should inform users that certain data are collected automatically from the web browser users are using and through the web server you're using: IP addresses, browser types (Firefox, Chrome etc.), browser versions and various pages that users are visiting. Buffer includes a sub-clause about log data in its clause about personal information that is automatically obtained from its users:

A Cookies disclosure should inform users that you may store cookies on their computers when they visit your website. This applies even if you use Google Analytics (which would store cookies) or any other third party that would store cookies. It's best to do this by having a Cookie Consent notice, mentioning your use of cookies in your Privacy Policy and even having a separate Cookies Policy.

A Links to Other Sites section should disclose that your website may link to other websites outside your control or ownership, i.e. linking to a news website, and that users are advised to read the Privacy Policies of each website they visit.

section should disclose that your website may link to other websites outside your control or ownership, i.e. linking to a news website, and that users are advised to read the Privacy Policies of each website they visit. A Do Not Track clause.

clause. A Security disclosure in the policy can give users assurance that their personal data is well protected, but you may also want to note that no method is 100% secure. "The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security."

Example of trust elements can include SSL certificates. Definitely use SSL certificates if you have an ecommerce store.

Here's a list of questions that can guide you when drafting your own Privacy Policy:

What kind of personal information do you collect?

What kind of personal information is collected automatically, e.g. via the web server (Apache, nginx etc.)?

What kind of third parties are collecting personal information from your users?

How are you using that personal information?

Do you send promotional emails (newsletters)? If yes, can users opt-out? If so, how?

How to enforce a Privacy Policy

Always use the clickwrap method to get your users to agree to your terms.

With clickwrap, a user is informed of the legal agreements and must take some action that demonstrates that they're clearly accepting the terms. Using checkboxes is a best practice, such as these on the Adobe ID sign-up page:

Examples of Privacy Policy agreements

Download the Privacy Policy template by clicking here. It's free.

Let's take a look at some real Privacy Policies from real businesses.

GitHub

GitHub links to its Privacy Statement from the footer of each web page:

The Privacy Statement includes a "short version" of what GitHub's privacy practices are.

Perhaps the most important part of GitHub's Privacy Statement is the Summary section. A link to each section is provided, as well as a short overview of what information will be found in that section:

Dropbox

Dropbox uses the embedded method for its iOS mobile app to make its Privacy Policy available to its users.

In the example below from Dropbox, you can see how a user can navigate to the "Legal & Privacy" menu right from within the app:

Clicking this menu will take the user to another menu screen that shows the full list of legal agreements:

From here, a user can access the Privacy Policy from right within the app:

eBay

The eBay mobile app links to its "Mobile Privacy and Legal Notice" rather than linking to its standard Privacy Policy agreement page. The standard agreement may be more difficult to read on a mobile device, so creating a mobile-friendly version is a great idea.

This agreement provides a short and simple summary about the main concerns and issues that users would have and works as a summary of eBay's full Privacy Policy:

The same "Mobile Privacy and Legal Notice" agreement is embedded in eBay's iOS app:

Download Privacy Policy Template

Use the Privacy Policy Generator to create this legal agreement.

Download the Privacy Policy Template as a PDF file or Download the Privacy Policy Template as a DOCX file.

You can also download this Privacy Policy Template as a Google Document.

This template available for download, for free, includes these sections:
***************************************************************


