Title: Privacy Statement
URL: https://www.redhat.com/en/about/privacy-policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: websites, website, business, data, personal, red, cookies, hat, privacy, information, statement
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   In accordance with the laws of certain countries, you may have certain rights and choices regarding the
    personal data we collect and maintain about you, and how we communicate with you.  Where the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”), the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”), the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) or similar legal requirements apply to the processing of your personal data,
    especially when you access the website from a country in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), as a
    consumer in the state of California or in a jurisdiction with similar legal protections, you have the
    following rights, subject to some limitations, against the respective Red Hat Company responsible for
    the website you are using:  The right to request information about our use of your personal data (e.g., the pieces and
        categories of personal data we have; the categories of sources, purposes for collection, the third parties with whom we have shared personal data, and
        personal data we have disclosed);The right to review and access your personal data;The right to rectify (correct, update or modify) the personal data we hold about you;The right to erase (e.g., delete), anonymize or block your personal data;The right to restrict our use of your personal data;The right to object to our use of, or certain types of disclosures of, your personal data;The right to receive your personal data in a usable format and transmit it to a third party (also
        known as the right of data portability); andThe right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority;  If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may do so via ourPersonal Data Request Form. For
    California consumers, you may also submit requests by calling Red Hat’s U.S. toll free number at 1-800-
    546-7274.  Where the GDPR, LGPD, CCPA or similar legal requirements apply, you also have the right to withdraw any
    consent you have given to uses of your personal data. If you wish to withdraw consent that you have
    previously provided to us, you may do so via ourFeedback Form. However, the withdrawal of consent
    will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.  Where the GDPR, LGPD, CCPA or similar legal requirements do not apply, Red Hat grants you the ability to
    access, modify, or update some of your personal data online at any time. You may log in and make
    changes to your information, such as your password, your contact information, your general
    preferences, and your personalization settings. If necessary, you may also contact us via ourFeedback
    Formand describe the changes you want made to the information you have previously provided.
    However, note that changing or deleting information necessary for Red Hat to assist with support,
    services, and purchases may result in a delay or interruption in processing your requests.  You will be given an opportunity to tell us whether you would like to receive information, special offers,
    and promotional materials by email from Red Hat or our business partners when you create a
    redhat.com account, when you register for a service, when you provide us with your personal data, or
    when we send you a marketing email. Where required by applicable law, we will obtain adequate
    consent to provide you with these marketing materials. You also have the ability to opt out of receiving
    marketing emails from Red Hat at any time without cost by clicking on the relevant link contained in our
    marketing emails or by contacting us via ourFeedback Form. You can also exercise your rights and
    choices by contacting us as described below under “How to Contact Us.”  When you exercise your privacy rights, such as those conferred by the GDPR, LGPD, or the CCPA, you have a
    right not to receive discriminatory treatment by Red Hat for the exercise of such privacy rights.  Back to top 