Title: Sony Pictures Entertainment
URL: https://www.sonypictures.com/corp/privacy.html
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: spe, services, data, technologies, including, information, entertainment, sony, service, pictures, privacy, cookies, tracking

Reduced Policy:   You have certain choices regarding information collection and communications options explainedhere, including:  California residents have certain privacy rights detailedhere;Although SPE does not look for or respond to "do not track" signals, you can find information on Tracking Technologieshereand certain choice options regarding Tracking Technologieshere;Your options regarding accessing and changing certain of your Personal Information are availablehere;Your options regarding promotional communications are explainedhere; andChildren’s and minors’ privacy rights, and notice to parents of these rights, are explainedhere.   A. California's "Shine the Light" Law  SPE only knowingly shares personal information (as defined by California’s “Shine the Light” law), with non- affiliated third parties (i.e., parties other than Sony group companies except as otherwise required by applicable law) for their own direct marketing purposes if you specifically opt-in, or are offered the opportunity to opt-out and elect not to opt-out, to such sharing at the time you provide personal information or choose to participate in a feature on the Service. If you do not opt in or if you opt-out at that time, SPE will not knowingly share the personal information that was collected in connection therewith with such identified non-affiliated third party(ies) (or Sony group companies where required by applicable law) for its/their own direct marketing purposes, but may continue to seek your consent to sharing with the same or other non-affiliated third parties (or Sony group companies where required by applicable law) for their own direct marketing purposes from time-to-time. Each consent notice and opportunity will be treated separately so it is possible that you may consent to some sharing but not to others.  In addition, California residents may request information about SPE’s compliance with the Shine the Light law and the Sony group companies with which SPE may have shared personal information for their direct marketing purposes by contacting SPEhereor by sending a letter to Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. at 10202 W. Washington, Jimmy Stewart Building, Culver City, CA 90232 (Attention: Privacy Program, Information Security). Requests must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that SPE is only required to respond to one such request per customer each year, and SPE is not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the provided e-mail address or mail address.  B. The California Consumer Privacy Act (also known as the “CCPA”)  If you are a California resident, California law also provides you with specific rights regarding your Personal Information which are set forth in more detail below.  The Right to Delete Personal Information and the Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, or SoldAs a California resident you have the right to request SPE to delete Personal Information which SPE has collected from you and the right to request from SPE what Personal Information about you it has collected, used, disclosed, and “sold” about you (as the term “sale” is defined under the CCPA: “the selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration”)and the right to request that we stop any such “sales.” SPE does not share consumers’ Personal Information in exchange for money. SPE shares Personal Information with third parties and service providers in compliance with the law in order to deliver more meaningful ads and other communications to consumers, and for other similar reasons provided in this policy. SPE does not sell Personal information gathered from sites that link to the Children's Privacy Policy referenced in Section 9 above.SPE will take reasonable steps to verify your identity using information you submit with your request before the request will be processed. We may request additional information from you. To submit a request, you can clickhereor contact us at 1-800-782-6588. If you have visited the SPE studios in Culver City, California in person, please clickhere. Your request is subject to exceptions allowed by law. Please note that SPE is only required to respond to two such requests per California resident each year and only requests from California residents whose identity SPE can reasonably verify.Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal InformationA California resident has the right to opt- out of the sale of their Personal Information by a business. To submit such a request, please clickhereor call us at 1-800-782-6588. Submitting such a request will not impact what information is collected from you via Tracking Technologies including cookies and tracking pixels, that help us and others better understand you and serve you more relevant content and ads. To opt out of certain Tracking Technologies, clickhere. Please be aware that every website utilizes its own cookies, so cookie preferences should be set for each SPE website by clicking on the"Cookie Consent Tool"in that website’s footer. If you choose to opt out of any Tracking Technologies such as without limitation cookies and pixels, a preference cookie will be placed on your device in order to honor that opt-out. If you later clear your browser and delete cookies from your device, by doing so you will also remove the preference cookie. Therefore, in order to remain opted out of Tracking technologies, you will have to go back to theCookie Consent Tooland renew your choices.Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer's Privacy RightsA California consumer has the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by a business for the exercise of their privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.Authorized AgentA California resident may designate an authorized agent to make a request on his or her behalf. To make such a request to delete or to receive information regarding Personal Information that SPE has about you, your authorized agent should submit the requesthere. To submit an opt-out request, they should clickhere. They and/or you will be asked to provide proof of such authorization, i.e., a power of attorney or a letter of authorization and proof of identity. We will contact your agent and/or you with additional details after the request has been received.Personal Information Collected, Sold or DisclosedSPE may collect the following categories of Personal Information: identifiers such as name, mailing address, online identifier, Internet Protocol Address and telephone numbers; characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such as gender or date of birth; commercial information such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies; biometric information; internet or other electronic network activity; information such as browser type, operating system, traffic to and from websites; advertising data and other standard weblog information collected via cookies; geolocation data; access-control location data gathered about visitors while on an SPE property; audio, visual, or similar information including without limitation closed-circuit television images of visitors while on an SPE property; inferences drawn from any of the information identified above. This information may be used for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy including to provide services requested, managing accounts including registration and participation in products and services; maintaining and improving SPE sites, products and services; identity resolution, personalizing customer experiences including tailoring content; consumer marketing including push notifications, online and mobile ads, emails, and SMS/text messaging from SPE and other Sony group companies; to maintain security on SPE properties and conduct security screenings to the extent permitted by law; and to satisfy compliance and legal obligations.SPE may have collected any of the above categories of Personal Information about California residents during the past 12 months for the purposes described in this policy. This information may have been collected from consumers and data resellers such as data management platforms, and the information may have been shared with third parties such as advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, social networks and Sony group companies which may not share common branding.SPE may have disclosed or sold any of the above categories of Personal Information to third parties, including Sony group companies which may not share common branding, for a business or commercial purpose in the past 12 months.SPE does not sell the Personal Information of California residents under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization.Financial Incentive ProgramsIn certain instances, such as in the context of SPE’s Wheel Watchers Club (WWC), SPE offers benefits that may qualify as financial incentive programs (FIP) under California law. California consumers who opt in to the FIP may withdraw from the FIP at any time by contacting SPE atSPE_Privacy@spe.sony.com.  Participation in an FIP is voluntary.  If you choose to participate in an FIP, SPE may retain, use and/or disclose Personal Information it may have collected about you as described in this Privacy Policy, including the information you provide on the registration page when you join the FIP, in exchange for providing you with FIP benefits (in the case of the WWC, such benefits are describedhere) and as otherwise offered by SPE to FIP members from time to time.  SPE does not calculate the value of Personal Information which it collects.  Rather, to the extent SPE creates overall value from its FIPs to its business that could be directly or reasonably related to the value of Personal Information it collects from FIP members, SPE makes a good-faith estimate for California residents which could include any costs and commercial benefits reasonably related to the FIPs.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYSPE reserves the right to revise and reissue this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be effective upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy unless otherwise stated in the revised sections. Your continued use of the Service indicates your consent to the Privacy Policy then posted. If you do not agree, discontinue use of the Service and uninstall Service downloads and applications. If you have a subscription to a Service offering, material changes to this Privacy Policy will only become effective with respect to the aspect of that subscription at the end of the then current term unless you otherwise consent.Return to navigationCONTACT SPEIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact SPEhereor at Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. 10202 W. Washington, Jimmy Stewart Building, Culver City, CA 90232 (Attention: Privacy Program, Information Security).Return to navigation 