Title: University of Washington Online Privacy Statement
URL: http://www.washington.edu/online/privacy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: website, washington, personal, privacy, online, data, request, statement, consent, information, university, uw

Reduced Policy:   Applicable laws may give you additional rights to request access to, or to request the erasure, correction or transfer of, your data.  For example, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) provides certain rights to persons who were/are residing in the European Union when data were/are collected. If the EU GDPR applies to your data then you may ask to see your data or request, to the extent allowed by law, to have your data corrected or erased. You may also object to or request restrictions on how your data will be processed. You may ask that your data be forwarded or transferred to another organization. Finally, to the extent allowed by law, you may withdraw consent you have given to certain data processing, without penalty. If you do decide to withdraw consent at a later date, your withdrawal will not affect the legality of the processing of your data up to that point.  Questions  If you have questions about the collection or use of information you should contact the UW organizational area to which you provided your information. The individual responsible for decisions about the online collection, use and protection of personal data that is described herein and is subject to EU GDPR is identified as the EU GDPR Controller on the organizational website.  If your privacy related questions or concerns are not addressed after contacting the UW organizational area to which you provided data, then you may also contact:  Ann NagelInstitutional Privacy OfficialAssociate Vice Provost for PrivacyEU GDPR Data Protection OfficerUW Privacy Officeuwprivacy@uw.edu  Changes to this Online Privacy Statement  The UW may periodically update this Online Privacy Statement. The revised statement will be posted at uw.edu/online/privacy.  Updated March 25, 2019 to include links toUniversity Privacy Notices and Consent Forms  Updated May 24, 2018   