Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: services, data, provide, websites, personal, information, service, privacy, zendesk, policy

Reduced Policy:   You have certain choices available to you when it comes to your personal information. Below is a summary of those choices, how to exercise them and any limitations.  Correcting, updating and removing your information:  An individual who seeks to exercise their data protection rights in respect of personal information stored or processed by us on behalf of a Subscriber of ours within the Subscriber’s Service Data (including to seek access to, or to correct, amend, delete, port or restrict processing of such personal information) should direct his/her query to our Subscriber (the data controller). Upon receipt of a request from one of our Subscribers for us to remove the personal information, we will respond to their request within thirty (30) days. We will retain personal information that we process and store on behalf of our Subscribers for as long as needed to provide the Services to our Subscribers.  Accessing and updating or deleting your information:  Our Services and related documentation on ourPrivacy and Data Protection sitegive Agents and End-Users the ability to access, update and delete certain personal information from within the Service. For example, you can access your Agent or End-User profile and make updates to your personal information. In cases where we act as the data controller of your personal information, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information upon request. We will respond to such requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note, however, that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions or to comply with our legal obligations.  Deactivating your user profile:  If you no longer wish to use our Services, Zendesk’s Subscriber may be able to deactivate your End-User account. First, please contact Zendesk’s Subscriber with your request. If you are a Zendesk Subscriber and are unable to deactivate an End-User account through your administrator settings, please emailsupport@zendesk.com. Please be aware that deactivating your account does not delete your information; your information remains visible to other Service users based on your past participation within the Services. For more information on how to delete your information, visit ourPrivacy and Data Protection site.  Request that we stop using your information:  You may request that your personal information no longer be accessed, stored, used and otherwise processed where you believe that a Zendesk Subscriber or Zendesk do not have the appropriate rights to do so. For example, if you believe a Services account was created for you without your permission or you are no longer an active user, you can request that we delete your account as provided in this Policy. Where you gave us consent to use your personal information for a limited purpose, you can contact us to withdraw that consent. You can also opt-out of our use of your personal information for marketing purposes by contacting us, as provided below. When you make such requests, we may need time to investigate and facilitate your request. Please note that an End-User of a Zendesk Subscriber should first contact Zendesk’s Subscriber with a request to stop access, storage, use of personal information. If there is delay or dispute as to whether we have the right to continue using your personal information, we will restrict any further use of your personal information until the request is honored or the dispute is resolved, provided the Zendesk Subscriber does not object (where applicable).  Opt-out of communications:  We offer those who provide personal contact information a means to choose how we use the information provided. You may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our marketing emails or you may send a request toprivacy@zendesk.com. You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications from us by using this unsubscribe link within each email. Even after you opt-out from receiving promotional messages from us, if you are an Agent, then you will continue to receive transactional messages from us regarding our Services. You can opt out of some notification messages in your account settings.  Other data protection rights:  If you wish to exercise any other data protection rights that are available to you under your local data protection laws (such as the right to data portability or to data restriction) then please send your request toprivacy@zendesk.comand we will respond to your request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  You have the right to complain to your local data protection authority if you are unhappy with our data protection practices. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area are availablehere. 