Title: Privacy Policy
URL: http://www.newsprivacy.co.uk/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: audiences, relevant, provide, advertising, marketing, privacy, services, credit, policy, products, information, able

Reduced Policy:   There may be situations where we need to use your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations or defend claims. This may include publishing information about prize winners, for example.  We may also disclose your information where we are allowed to by law to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of others and for the prevention and detection of crime, such as fraud.   You have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal data; to correct, delete or restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal data; and to obtain the personal data you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine readable format, and to ask us to share (port) this data to another controller. In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, or where we are using the data for direct marketing).  To exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the contact details below. These rights may be restricted by law, for example we may not be able to provide a copy of your data where the data we hold is also the data of a third party and it is not reasonable to disclose this information.  If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to an EU data protection authority where you live, work or where you believe a breach may have occurred. In the UK, this is the Information Commissioner’s Office.     California Consumers may have certain rights in connection with the personal information we collect about you, many of which are subject to exceptions under applicable law:  The right to access and disclosure - You may have the right to request, twice during a twelve month period, the following information about the personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months:  the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information;the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold the personal information;the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information; andthe categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose.  The right to deletion - you may have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you.  Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. We need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services.   California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by submitting a request via our onlineportalor by sending an email todataprotection@news.co.ukwith 'CCPA' in the subject line. For security purposes, we will verify your identity - in part by asking you to verify your email address and requesting certain information from you, when you request to exercise your California privacy rights, such as address and photographic ID.  To request that we provide you with the specific pieces of personal information we have from you or to delete personal information we have collected from you, we may also need to ask you for additional information to verify your identity.  Once we have verified your identity (and your agent, as applicable), we will comply with your request, unless an exemption applies.  Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA. For instance, we may not disclose financial account numbers as such disclosure may create an unreasonable risk to your personal information, your account with us, or our business systems.  Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, unless an exemption applies we will de-identify personal information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice that explains the categories of personal information we were able to locate about you, whether we (1) deleted, (2) de-identified, (3) aggregated or (4) retained the information we collected from you.  If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you with additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.  The right to non-discrimination - we will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.  The right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. You have the right to opt out of the "sale" of your personal information. California law broadly defines sale such that it may include allowing third parties to receive certain information, such as cookies IP address and/or browsing behaviour, to deliver targeted advertising.  If you would like to opt out, you may do so by visiting the Do Not Sell My Personal Information link on the website that you wish to opt out of. 