Title: Privacy
URL: https://www.windowstechit.com/privacy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: google, sites, data, personal, email, address, cookies, site, privacy, information
Policy: 
By Palla Sridhar for www.pallareviews.com (or) windowstechit.com

The privacy of our visitors to www.windowstechit.com (previously known as pallareviews.com) is important to us.

At my blog, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important.

Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit my blog, and how we safeguard your information.

The site is primarily targeted at the Windows 10, Office, Skype, OneDrive, Solutions, HDMI Solutions, Error Codes, Mobile Apps, Reviews, Outlook etc and will address and cover issues in relation to Microsoft and Windows operating system.

Before you try any suggestions which are being offered for free, by this website, it is recommended that you back up all your data as well as your Registry and create a system restore point first. All use is completely at your own risk.

Microsoft, Windows, Windows logo, Internet Explorer, Internet Explorer logo, Office, Office logo, OneDrive, OneDrive logo, Outlook, Outlook logo, Skype, Skype logo etc are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies.

All product names, logos, copyrights, and trademarks mentioned are acknowledged as the registered intellectual property of their respective owners.

We use third party advertisements on my blog to support our site. These include Google Adsense and AnyClip ads.

This includes video and display ads to monetize the site. No privacy information, except analytical data is collected. No other charges apply.

Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site.

These cookies may also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.

This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.

Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.

Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

Update: Jan, 2014 –

The Google Analytics features you’ve implemented are based on Display Advertising (e.g., Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting).

Using the Ads Settings, visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads

I’m implementing Google Analytics Demographics and Internet Reporting on my website, in-order to write better content for my readers in USA, UK and Australia.

Important update to Remarketing with Google Analytics (Starting May 15, 2017)

Where users have chosen to enable Google to associate their web and app browsing history with their Google account, and to use information from their Google account to personalize ads, Google will use data from its signed-in users together with your Google Analytics data to build audience lists for cross-device remarketing.

In order to support this feature, two things will happen:

First, for users on your site, Google Analytics will collect Google-authenticated identifiers associated with users’ Google Accounts (and therefore, personal information).

Second, Google Analytics will temporarily join these identifiers to your Google Analytics data in order to support your audiences.

California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)

You can learn more about this law at this link here –

https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/9560818

EMAIL MARKETING

If you choose to join our email newsletter or give consent to receive information from us, the email address you provide will be forwarded to third-party email marketing services; MailChimp.

We consider such services to be a third-party data processor as described below*.

The email address you provide will not be stored within this website’s own database or in any of our internal computer systems.

Your email address will remain within the third-party email marketing service for as long as we continue to use this service for email marketing or until you specifically request removal from the list.

You can do this by unsubscribing using the unsubscribe links contained in any email newsletters that we send to you or by requesting removal via email via the “Contact Us” page on our website.

When requesting removal via email, please send your request to us using the email account that is subscribed to the mailing list.

While your email address remains within the third-party marketing service database, you will receive periodic newsletter-style emails from us.

* A third-party data processor is an entity that processes Personally Identifiable Information on behalf of a data controller (OBN Digital). The data processor will not pass on the data or act upon the data without instruction from the data controller.

WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT

We may collect and process the following data about you:

Information that you provide by completing forms on our site.

This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our sites, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services.

We may also ask you for information, for example when you enter a competition or promotion, and when you report a problem with our sites.

The information we may collect on you includes your name, address, email address and phone number.

If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.

We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.

Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, and the resources that you access.

Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, platform and other relevant information.

IP ADDRESSES, ANALYTICS AND COOKIES

We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers.

This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual person.

We may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer.

Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.

They help us to improve our sites and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:

To estimate our audience size and usage pattern;

To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our sites according to your individual interests;

To speed up your searches; and

To recognise you when you return to our sites.

You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser, which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies.

However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our sites.

BLOCKING AND DELETING COOKIES

Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies.

The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version.

You can, however, obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:

Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.

For more information on cookies, what they are, and how they can affect your privacy, please see http://www.allaboutcookies.org/or visit the website of the Information Commissioner’s Office – http://www.ico.org.uk.

WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA

The data that we collect from you will not be transferred to any destination outside the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) unless otherwise specified below.

We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.

We work with Google to analyse the performance of our website. The data we share with Google may be stored outside of the EEA.

Google is fully accredited with the Privacy Shield which confirms they are compliant with European data protection law and therefore able to process data on our behalf.

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure.

Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our sites; any transmission is at your own risk.

Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.

USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION

We use information held about you in the following ways:

To ensure that content from our sites is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;

To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us, or which we feel may interest you where we believe we have a legitimate business reason for contacting you, or where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;

To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;

To assist us with matters including (but not limited to) payment and marketing lists;

To administer our sites and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;

To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service when you choose to do so; and

To notify you about changes to our service.

We will not share your information with third parties out with the Union group of companies, except as set out in clause below.

DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION

We may disclose your personal information to third parties in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.

If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use or relevant terms and conditions of supply of goods, services and/or information and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our employees, customers, or others.

This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

YOUR RIGHTS

This privacy policy informs you how your personal information will be used.

You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.

We will inform you if we intend to use your data for such purposes.

You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by opting out at the time of data collection.

You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at mail [at] windowstechit.com.

Our sites may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.

If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.

Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.

If you have opted in or otherwise qualify to receive communication from

The Union and no longer wish to receive our promotional communications by email, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each communication.

You have the right to ask for a copy of what data we hold and process on you and to have any inaccuracies corrected.

Please contact us by email: mail [at] windowstechit.com or mail [at] pallareviews.com.

Please let us know if you are unhappy with how we have used your personal information. You can contact us using the details in the section above.

CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY

Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check frequently for any updates or changes.

Updated on 26th June 2018

Akismet (WordPress Plugin) – Privacy Policy

We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).

Updated on 6th July 2018

Our website address is: https://www.windowstechit.com.

Comments

When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.

An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.

Media

If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.

Contact forms

Data collected through contact form will be used to contact you , if necessary through one of our personal email ids. No data is shared with third-parties and will respond within a convenient time.

Cookies

If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.

If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.

When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.

If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.

For complete information on our cookie policy page – see here

Embedded content from other websites

Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.

These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.

Who we share your data with

The data on our site is (full or partial) shared with the following companies –

1. Google.com

2. Amazon.com

3. WordPress plugins if any collecting data

4. Ad networks

How long we retain your data

If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.

For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.

What rights you have over your data

If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.

Where we send your data

Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.

CONTACT

Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to mail [at] windowstechit [dot] com.

See all my articles here


