Title: Privacy Statement English
URL: https://www.autodesk.com/company/legal-notices-trademarks/privacy-statement
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: english, data, personal, services, service, rights, autodesk, privacy, information, including, statement, applications
Policy: 
Reduced Policy:   You have the right to access, update, delete, receive a copy of, or restrict our use of your personal data. When we process personal data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw consent any time.  Please log-in to your account to manage your personal data and content using our applications. You can also delete your personal data and close your account. We may retain certain data about you for legal and internal business purposes, such as fraud prevention, in accordance with applicable laws.  To request a copy of the personal data in your account, pleasesubmit this form. Consistent with applicable law, we may ask for proof of your identity before fulfilling your request, and we may ask for additional forms of verification depending on the nature of the personal information requested.  Certain jurisdictions grant individuals additional rights with respect to their personal data. Depending on where you live or applicable law, you may also have the right to:  Object to our processing of your personal dataHave us block or anonymize your personal data, as appropriateReceive a copy of your personal data to transfer it to a third partyOpt-out of certain direct marketing communicationsOpt-out of certain disclosures of your personal information to third partiesNot be denied a good or service for exercising your rights, though you may be provided a different level of service or charged a different rate or price consistent with applicable lawLodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority in the jurisdiction in which you are located.  These rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law. For example, even if you ask us to delete your personal information, we may need to retain it to complete transactions you have requested, to comply with our legal obligations, or for other limited business purposes as required or permitted by law. To exercise applicable rights, pleasecontact us.  Where we process personal data on behalf of our customers, we may refer the request to the relevant customer and cooperate with their handling of the request, subject to any special contractual arrangement with that customer.  California residents, please read the “Your California Privacy Rights” section for additional disclosures and information regarding your rights under California law.  Individuals in Brazil, please read theLGPD FAQsfor additional information regarding the LGPD and your rights under the law.    What are Autodesk’s storage and data retention practices?  We store your personal data and content on our servers and the servers of our service providers. Because we and our service providers maintain servers in global locations, your personal data may be transferred across national borders and stored on the servers outside of your country or region.  We will retain your personal data for as long as necessary to provide you with the applications you are using, for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, and as needed to comply with our legal obligations. Data may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time.    Does Autodesk transfer your personal data across national borders?  Because we are a global company, we transfer your personal data across national borders to other countries, in compliance with the laws that apply to that data.  When your data is transferred from one of our entities in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland or the United Kingdom to the United States, or from entities in the EEA to another country outside of the EEA, we rely on one or more of the following legal mechanisms which provide appropriate safeguards for the transfers: the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, and European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses. To exercise any legal right to see copies of the data transfer mechanism documents that Autodesk uses to transfer data across international borders, please contact us at the details below.  Autodesk complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (“Privacy Shield”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data transferred from the EEA, the United Kingdom and/or Switzerland to the United States in reliance on Privacy Shield.  Autodesk has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such information.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Statement and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visithttps://www.privacyshield.gov/and read ourPrivacy Shield Notice.    What are Autodesk’s marketing and advertising practices?  We use analytics tools and also work with one or more advertising networks (our “Ad Partners”) that use Cookies or other technologies to collect information about application visitors, to serve ads, and to help us track results of advertising and marketing campaigns. Through these means, we and/or our Ad Partners may be able to collect information from application visitors, including websites visited, how, when and why applications are used, marketing preferences, IP addresses, device IDs, and information about browsers. This information is used to display personalized advertising in applications and websites, to calculate and control the number of unique and repeat views of a given ad, to deliver ads that relate to a visitor’s interests, and to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns. We process your personal data for the above activities in furtherance of our legitimate interests or, where required, with your consent.  You can opt out of the use of your information by Ad Partners for online behavioral advertising by using the Digital Advertising Alliance’sYour AdChoicestool. The Your AdChoices tool may not work if your browser does not accept third-party Cookies, and if you delete Cookies, use a different browser, or use a different computer, you will need to use the tool again to renew your opt out.  As described above, you can also change your Cookie preferences for our websitehere. Please keep in mind that you may also need to clear your Cookies on each browser on each device, in order to reset these settings.  Autodesk currently does not respond to “do not track” signals.    How does Autodesk protect children and student data?  At Autodesk, we care deeply about children’s privacy and protecting their data.  Many of our applications are made for the general public and are designed for adult users. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children in connection with applications made for the general public.  Other applications are designed for and appropriate for use by children. OurChildren’s Privacy Statementapplies to the personal data collected from such applications. If there is a conflict between our Children’s Privacy Statement and our Privacy Statement, the Children’s Privacy Statement sets the standard for how we treat children’s personal data. For more information, please refer to ourChildren’s Privacy Statement.    Is The Personal Data You Give Us Ever Displayed Publicly?  As always, we urge you to be mindful when deciding to disclose personal data, including on our applications. Our applications may allow you to post content, including comments and “likes,” that can be visible to the public.  In some cases, you can limit who can view or access the information and content you post. In other cases, the information and content might be available to registered members of the application, or even to the general public. Your name, user name, profile image, or email address (particularly if this is your user name) may be posted along with any message or other content you post through some of our applications and websites.  If you are posting information you do not want to be disclosed publicly, make sure you are using an application that allows you to control who sees information you have posted.    Will this Privacy Statement change?  We may change this Privacy Statement to reflect changes in the law, our data handling practices, or the features of our business. The updated Privacy Statement will be available at our Trust Centerhere. We will show the date the Privacy Statement was last updated to help you know when we change it. If we make material changes to our Privacy Statement, we will endeavor to provide you with notice before such changes take effect, such as through prominent notice on our website or services or by email.    How to contact us?  If you want to contact us, please use the following contact information. When you do so, please tell us the name of the application about which you are contacting us:  By email at:privacy.questions@autodesk.com  By postal mail to:  Privacy QuestionsAutodesk, Inc.The Landmark @ One MarketSuite 500San Francisco, CA 94105U.S.A.  Data protection officer:To contact our data protection officer, please use the following contact information:DPO@autodesk.com.    Who can I contact with questions or concerns?  We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you have a right to lodge a complaint with thedata protection authority of the United States of Americaand/or with a competent European supervisory authority or your local equivalent.    Your California Privacy Rights  California law treats certain disclosures of personal information with third parties in exchange for something of value as “sales,” even when no money changes hand. We do not “sell” personal information subject to California law.  We described several types of rights in “What Rights and Choices Do You Have?” above. If you reside in California, you have rights to access the specific pieces of your information, the right to know details about our processing of your information, the right to request deletion of your personal information, and the right to not be denied goods or services for exercising these rights. You can exercise those rights by emailing us atprivacy.questions@autodesk.com. To request a copy of the personal information in your account, you can alsosubmit this form.    California law treats certain disclosures of personal information with third parties in exchange for something of value as “sales,” even when no money changes hand. We do not “sell” personal information subject to California law.  We described several types of rights in “What Rights and Choices Do You Have?” above. If you reside in California, you have rights to access the specific pieces of your information, the right to know details about our processing of your information, the right to request deletion of your personal information, and the right to not be denied goods or services for exercising these rights. You can exercise those rights by emailing us atprivacy.questions@autodesk.com. To request a copy of the personal information in your account, you can alsosubmit this form.  