Title: View Our Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.realtor.com/privacy-policy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: notice, service, personal, including, view, privacy, thirdparty, data, services, business, policy, information

Reduced Policy:   HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION  TRANSFERS OF INFORMATION  LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES, APPS AND SERVICES  CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE  HOW TO CONTACT US  CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS    We offer you certain choices and you also may have certain rights in connection with the personal information we collect about you.  YOUR CHOICESYou can choose to use Move’s Services without providing any information about yourself to us directly, but some information may be collected automatically or be requested by us so that you can take advantage of certain features on our Services.To ask us to remove your information from our marketing mailing lists, please contact us as outlined in theHOW TO CONTACT USSection below. You also can unsubscribe from our marketing mailing lists by following the “Unsubscribe” link in our emails. Even if you unsubscribe from our marketing communications, we may still need to send you communications relating to your use of the Services, such as service announcements where you are using our Service.You also have choices about whether cookies and other similar technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device. For more information, see our section on Cookies and Other Technologies,above.We may use third-party analytics services on our Services, such as Google Analytics. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to help us analyze your use of the Services. To learn more about how to opt out of Google Analytics and similar services, please visit the links below:Google Analytics:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutAdobe Analytics:https://cross-device-privacy.adobe.com/Hotjar:https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-outYou may also choose to opt out of use of data that we or our third-party service providers collect about your activities to provide you with tailored advertising about products and services of interest to you. We and our third-party service providers also may obtain information for this purpose from third-party websites or apps. To learn more about how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising, please see the section on Cookies and Other Technologies section above or visit the customer opt-out pages athttp://www.aboutads.info/choices/andhttp://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. To learn more about opting out on your mobile device, clickhereor, for users of our mobile apps, go to our Privacy & Data menu option and review your selections.ACCESSING, CORRECTING, AND DELETING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONConsumers and Professionals may access, review, update, and/or correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control as described below. Please note that any change you request regarding personal information may affect or otherwise change the availability, deliverability or quality for you of information, features, products or services in which you are interested or your experience on or relating to the Services.Consumers may access and edit their personal information by following the instructions found in the “My Profile” or “Edit Your Profile” area of the Services where you registered or submitted personal information. If you would like us to no longer use information about you or share it with our affiliates, partners or other service providers, for their marketing purposes, please send a request toPrivacy@move.com.Professionals may edit their personal information by returning to the area of the Services where they registered and modifying the information there, or by calling our Customer Care Center at(800) 878-4166. By contacting Customer Care to make such changes, Professionals expressly authorize Customer Care to access personal information and any associated data or accounts for the purposes of completing your requested edits, modifications and/or deletions. Note that these options may not apply to a Professional to the extent modified in a separate written agreement signed by an authorized officer of Move, which agreements may be entered into by Move in its sole discretion and without notice to others.CAREERSIf you submit an application for employment on our Careers page, we will use the information you provide about yourself to process your application. We may also use such information for our recruitment, management and planning programs. Your provision of information to us is voluntary; however, if you fail to provide sufficient information, we may reject or decline to consider your application. We may also obtain information about you from your references, a background check (as permitted by applicable law) or through automated means based on your use of our Services. We may share information about you with our affiliates and with third-party service providers in connection with human resources functions (including technical support.)CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSFor additional information for residents of the State of California clickhereINFORMATION FOR VISITORS FROM CANADAThe Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) provides certain rights to Canadian residents. Under Canadian law, you have a right to access your personal information held by us, subject to applicable exceptions. You maycontact usor write to us at the address below to ask us to access and/or correct your information. We may require you to send us proof of your identity before providing you with access to your personal information. If you send us a request to access or correct information, then we will contact you within 30 days (although it may take us longer to fully respond to your request).Our Privacy Notice clearly states how we collect, use and share your personal information. We may share information with third parties, such as subsidiaries, affiliates, business partners and authorized third parties. However, we will only share your information with such parties where we have your explicit consent to do so or, in some cases, where we may infer consent from your actions or behavior. Pleasecontact usat any time to let us know  (1) if you do not wish to receive marketing communications (such as emails) from us or our third-party partners, or you otherwise object to our sharing your information with those partners, (2) if you have any questions, or complaints, regarding the collection or use of your personal information or the content of this notice, or (3) if you wish to withdraw your consent to us using your data.If you are not satisfied with our response to your query or complaint, you may also contact the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Canada.    HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION  We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we have about you against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. However, no data transmission or storage, or use of the Internet, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.    TRANSFERS OF INFORMATION  The Services are hosted in and managed from the United States. We may transfer the information we collect about you to another country, which may not be deemed to have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. Applicable laws in the United States and/or other countries may allow the courts, law enforcement and national security authorities to access your personal information when in such country.  If you are a user located outside the United States or the country to which your information may be transferred, you understand (and, as permitted under applicable law, consent to) having any personal information processed in the United States and/or such country. When we transfer your information, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Notice.    LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES, APPS AND SERVICES  For your convenience and information, our Services may provide links to third-party sites, apps and services that may be operated by companies not affiliated with Move. These companies may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any non-Move sites, apps or services.    CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE  From time to time, we may change our Privacy Notice to reflect changes to our privacy practices and Services. If we modify the Privacy Notice, we will update the “Last Modified Date” and the changes will be effective as of the date we post such Notice.  For material changes, we will notify you by posting a prominent notice on our Services indicating at the top of the Privacy Notice when it was most recently updated or by other appropriate means, such as email through the email address you most recently provided to us.      HOW TO CONTACT US  If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice or the manner in which we or our service providers treat your personal information, would like to exercise your choices, or would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us as follows:  Privacy AdministratorLegal DepartmentMove, Inc.30700 Russell Ranch Road – Suite 1000Westlake Village, CA 91360Fax: (805) 557-2680Email:Privacy@move.com  For additional information for residents of the State of California clickhere  INFORMATION FOR VISITORS FROM CANADA  The Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) provides certain rights to Canadian residents. Under Canadian law, you have a right to access your personal information held by us, subject to applicable exceptions. You maycontact usor write to us at the address below to ask us to access and/or correct your information. We may require you to send us proof of your identity before providing you with access to your personal information. If you send us a request to access or correct information, then we will contact you within 30 days (although it may take us longer to fully respond to your request).  Our Privacy Notice clearly states how we collect, use and share your personal information. We may share information with third parties, such as subsidiaries, affiliates, business partners and authorized third parties. However, we will only share your information with such parties where we have your explicit consent to do so or, in some cases, where we may infer consent from your actions or behavior. Pleasecontact usat any time to let us know  (1) if you do not wish to receive marketing communications (such as emails) from us or our third-party partners, or you otherwise object to our sharing your information with those partners, (2) if you have any questions, or complaints, regarding the collection or use of your personal information or the content of this notice, or (3) if you wish to withdraw your consent to us using your data.  If you are not satisfied with our response to your query or complaint, you may also contact the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Canada.    The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to residents of California. This section of the Privacy Notice applies if you are a natural person who is a resident of California (“California Consumer”) and use our Services. This notice supplements the information in the above Privacy Notice. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA.  The following sets forth the categories of information we collect and purposes for which we may use California Consumers’ personal information collected by Move:  Categories of Personal Information We Collect About You  The categories of personal information we may have collected about you or your use of our Services are:  Identifiers (such as your contact information (name, email address), government identifiers (social security numbers and MLS ID# or similar professional licensing numbers) or unique personal identifiers (device ID, cookies, IP address);Commercial information (such as transaction data or purchase history);Financial information (such as credit card information);Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage);Geo-location information;Professional or employment related information;Education information;Profile data about you and any inferences drawn from the profile data (such as characteristics, behaviors, attitudes);Information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.  More details on the personal information we may collect are set forth in the Information We Collect and Obtainhere.  Categories of Sources from Which We Collected Personal Information  The sources from which we may have collected personal information about you or your use of the Services are:  Directly from you;From other sources (such as Company affiliates and/or business partners);Through your use of the Services; andPublicly available records.  and as described in more detail in the Information We Collect and Obtainhere.  Business or Commercial Purposes for Which We Collected or Sold the Personal Information  The business or commercial purposes, as defined under the CCPA, for which we collected or sold the personal information are:  performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services;auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance;short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction;detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; andundertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us.  More details concerning the business and commercial purposes are set forth in the How We Use the Information We Obtainhere.We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in this California Privacy Notice about our California consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.  Categories of Third Parties with Whom We Shared the Personal Information  The categories of third parties, as defined by the CCPA, with whom we share personal information include our subsidiaries and affiliates; business partners, data analytics provers and third-party marketers (who may combine your personal information with their own records and records available from other sources), for their own business or direct marketing purposes, and the direct marketing purposes of other third-party marketers.  Categories of Personal Information Sold, Shared or Disclosed for a Business PurposeWe may sell or disclose for a business purpose (each as defined under CCPA) any or all of the personal information collected from and about you as set forth in theInformation We Collect and ObtainandInformation We Share.  Your California Privacy Rights  If you are a California resident, you may have certain rights. California law may permit you to request that we:  Provide you the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information.Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you.Delete certain information we have about you.  You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you (if any). You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need certain types of information so that we can provide the Services to you and for compliance with applicable law. If you ask us to delete certain information, you may no longer be able to access or use the Services.  California customers may request, once per year, that we disclose the identity of any third parties with whom we have shared personal information for the third-parties’ direct marketing purposes within the previous calendar year, along with the type of personal information disclosed.  If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please visithereor contact us at(877) 560-0165. You will be required to verify your identify before we fulfill your request. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. To do so, you must provide us with written authorization or a power of attorney, signed by you, for the agent to act on your behalf. You will still need to verify your identity directly with us.  You also have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information. California law broadly defines sale such that it may include allowing third parties to receive certain information, such as cookies, IP address and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising. If you would like to opt out, you may do so as outlined on the following page:Do Not Sell My Personal Information 