Title: Privacy Policy
URL: https://www.magicfind.us/privacy/
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: personal, company, right, privacy, social, data, services, access, policy, information

Policy: Privacy Policy

Last Updated August 9, 2019

General Information

Protecting your private information is our priority. This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to your use of the following websites and applications:

We refer to these websites and applications together as “Services.” By using the Services, you acknowledge, agree, and consent to the data and collection practices described in this Privacy Policy by Magic Find, Inc. (“Company”). Read this agreement carefully before using the Services.

1. Information Collected

a. Personal Information

To provide users of the Services (“Users”) with the best possible experience, Company may collect personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”), including, but not limited to, your email address, and geo location, as well as your basic Twitch, Microsoft, Steam, Google, or Battle.net profile, as detailed herein.

Notwithstanding Company’s automated collection of information, as discussed herein, Company does not collect any Personal Information about you unless you voluntarily provide it. However, you may be required to provide certain Personal Information to us when you elect to use the Services. Such uses may include but are not limited to registering for an account (“Account”).

b. Information that is Automatically Collected

When you access the Services, we may automatically record and store certain information about your technology and system by using cookies and/or other types of technology. Examples of such information collected via cookies includes, but is not limited to, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, your mobile device (“Device”) and browser type identifiers, software and system type, and information about your use of the Services, including the duration of time you access or use the Services and information about Services performance analytics, including crashing, network, and tracing. Company also collects certain analytical information via Google analytics, Nielsen, and, Comscore. We encourage you to review the privacy policies for each of these services at:

c. Third Party Provided Information

Company may obtain certain information or Personal Information about you from third parties, including certain social networks such as Twitch, Microsoft, Steam, Google, or Battle.net profile for which you have approved Company’ access, as well as Stripe and our other third party payment processors. When you access Services, through third parties, you are authorizing Company to collect, store, and use such Personal Information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Such Personal Information may include your social network user name, and the fact that your connection to the social network originated from Company. IF YOU DO NOT WANT PERSONAL INFORMATION TO BE SHARED IN THIS MANNER, DO NOT USE THIS FEATURE. You may disconnect Company from your third-party account at any time. You may also contact us, via the Contact Information herein, to terminate your account, which would in turn disconnect accounts from third-party websites.

d. Geo-Location

Company may collect your geo-location via Cloudflare, to be used in connection with ad displays.

f. User Generated Content

In light of the social nature of the Services, certain User actions in which you participate may be collected and stored by Company and may be broadcast or shared publicly, and subsequently used or shared by Company or other Users. Such actions include but are not limited to posting materials, images, information, guides, builds, or other content that you post to or via the Services (collectively “User Generated Content”). By consenting to this Privacy Policy, you hereby consent to Company’s use of such User Generated Content for any reason in connection with the Services, including the sharing of such User Generated Content on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, or any other social media (“Social Media”) throughout the universe now known or hereafter devised.

2. Information From Children

IF YOU ARE NOT AT LEAST 13 YEARS OLD, THEN YOU MUST NOT USE OR ACCESS SERVICES IN ANY MANNER.Company does not knowingly collect or maintain Personal Information from persons under 13 years of age. If Company learns that Personal Information of persons under 13 years of age has been collected on or through the Services, Company will take the necessary and appropriate steps to delete the Personal Information.

3. How Company Uses Your Personal Information

Company collects and uses the Personal Information and other information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy to provide, maintain, enhance, and develop the Services and will only use such Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.

If you provide Personal Information for a certain reason, Company will use that Personal Information in connection with the reason it was provided. For example, Company will use your email address to create your Account and for notification purposes. Such notifications include, but are not limited to, notifying you of updates to the Services, notifications for customer service purposes, or to otherwise contact you for any reason in connection with your use of the Services or in the event that you contact Company.

Company may also use your Personal Information and other information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the following purposes:

Identify your Account; Resolving disputes; Preventing potentially fraudulent, prohibited, or illegal activities; Enforcing the Terms of Service;

Comparing information for accuracy; and

Performing other duties as required by law.



4.How Company Shares Information With Third Parties

Company may share your information, including your Account username and any User Generated Content with other users.



Company does not sell, lease, or otherwise transfer your information to third parties for profit. However, there are certain circumstances in which we may transfer your information to third-parties, without further notice to you, as set forth herein.



Company may disclose your personal information to its owners, employees, and third-party contractors for the purpose of understanding User behavior and using such information to improve the Services.



Company may disclose your Personal Information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Company; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Company; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal or economic safety of users of Company, or the public.



Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company may disclose your Personal Information to other third-parties with your consent and direction to do so. When you broadcast information to third-party services, such information is no longer under the control of Company and is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of such third parties.



Company may also share your information for the following reasons:



a. With Twitch, Battle.net, Microsoft, Steam, Google, and other Social Networking Services

You can connect your Account to your Twitch, Microsoft, Steam, Google, or Battle.net profile or other social networking services (collectively “Social Network”). In that event, Company may share your Personal Information with such Social Networking Services in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Additionally, when you “Like” or “Follow” the Services on Social Networks, we may collect some information from you including your name, email address, and any comments or content you post relevant to us. We likewise may collect your information if you sign up for one of our promotions or submit information to us through social media sites.

The Services may contain links to Social Networks, including, without limitation, the Facebook “Like” or “Share” button or other social plug-ins. When you interact with these features and links, your browser will establish a direct link with the applicable Social Network servers, and it will receive information about your browser and activity, and may link it to your Facebook user account. For more information about how Facebook uses data, please see Facebook’s own policies.

5. Cookies and Do Not Track Signals

Company uses cookies to store and sometimes track information about your technology. A “cookie” is a small amount of data that is sent to your computer or device from a web server and stored thereon. Generally, Company uses cookies to collect additional service usage data, to improve the Services, and to personalize your experience. Using cookies helps ensure a safe experience; prevent spam, scammers, and phishing; and facilitate user-to-user interactions, such as chatting, posting and sharing content, and providing links to third-party services. However, Company does not share cookies with third parties, unless otherwise described herein.

Company may keep track of User behavior, within the Services to understand said behavior. This data is used to enhance the Services.

Company will not follow any browser, extension, or other application’s Do Not Track signal or any other similar anti-tracking signals. However, we offer other choices with respect to third parties. Many third parties participate in self-regulation to offer you a choice regarding receiving targeted ads. Please note that you’ll still see generic ads after opting out, but they won’t be based on your activities online. On the web, you can opt out of participating companies by visiting the following sites:

If you wish to similarly opt out of cross-app advertising on mobile devices, you can enable the Limit Ad Tracking flag on the device. Enabling Limit Ad Tracking sends a flag to third parties that you wish to opt out of targeted advertising on that device, and major mobile platforms require companies to honor this flag. Screenshots on how to find these options on various devices are available here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices.

6. Advertising

This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia (“CafeMedia”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia’s data usage, click here: https://cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy/

7. Third-Party Links

The Services may contain links to other third-party websites, which displays third-party advertisements. Company is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of third-party websites, applications, or software. We encourage our Users to be aware when they leave the Services and to read the privacy statements of any other site or application that collects personally identifiable information.

8. Security of your Personal Information

Company will take reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any mobile or wireless network is 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you agree and acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet and wireless and mobile networks which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and Company cannot be guaranteed.

Company recommends that you do your part in protecting your Personal Information. This includes guarding against unauthorized access to your Account, if applicable, by ensuring no one else uses your device or computer when you are logged in, by logging off from the Services when they are not in use, by keeping your password and other Personal Information confidential, and by taking precautionary steps to guard the physical safety and security of your device or computer.

9. How Long Will Your Information Be Stored

Company will store your Personal Information for as long as permitted by applicable laws and regulations.



10. Access and Interaction with Your Personal Information

If you are a user in the EEA, you have the right to access your Personal Information, and to receive information about our use of the same. You can also ask us to correct, update, or delete any accurate Personal Information we have about you. You understand that Users to whom you have provided such Personal Information may retain such Personal Information, in its original form, if your request to update, correct, or delete your Personal Information was transmitted to Company after you transmitted the Personal Information to the User.

To access, delete, or correct your Personal Information, contact us at contact@magicfind.us.

11. Choice

If you wish to cancel your Account, you can do so by accessing our platform or contacting us for assistance with the process. Our email is included at the end of the privacy policy.

12. Email Communications

From time to time, Company may contact you via email for the purpose of providing general communication regarding the Services. To improve the Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Company or click on a link therein.

If you would like to stop receiving such communications via email from Company, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button and/or by emailing us at contact@magicfind.us.

13. Changes to this Privacy Policy

Company reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time in Company’s sole discretion. We will provide you with notice of such a change. Notice of any changes to the Privacy Policy will be accomplished upon Company sending you an email to the address listed in your Account notifying you of such changes and/or Company announcing such changes through the Services. Such changes will go into effect immediately upon your access of the Services after you are given notice, as described herein. Your continued use of the Services following notice of any changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of such changes. Any information collected by the Services will be dealt with in accordance with the version of this Privacy Policy that was in place at the time of collection.

14. Merger or Sale

The information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy, including Personal Information, is considered an asset of Company. In the event Company or some or all of the assets related to the Services are acquired by another entity through a sale, merger, or some other change of ownership transaction, Company reserves the right to transfer or assign the information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy, in that event.

15. Users Based in EEA, Switzerland, and UK

a. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are from the EEA, Company’s legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Information we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.

Company may process your Personal Information or other personal information because:

We need to perform a contract with you

You have given us permission to do so



The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights



For payment processing purposes



To comply with the law



b. Retention of Personal Information

Company will retain your Personal Information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

Company may also retain device identifiable information (DII), such as usage data for internal analysis purposes. DII is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality.

c. Your Data Protection Rights Under the GDPR

If you are a resident of the EEA, you have certain data protection rights. Company aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Information.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Information directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.

Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Information directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you. The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.



You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete. The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information.



You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information. The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information.



You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information. The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.



You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format. The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Company relied on your consent to process your personal information.



Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the EEA.

Contact Information for Data Controller

Company welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe that Company has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, or if you have any other questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy please contact support@magicfind.us.

The effective date of this Privacy Policy is September 4, 2019.
***************************************************************


