Title: Cisco Online Privacy Statement
URL: https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/about/legal/privacy-full.html
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: personal, cisco, solutions, privacy, online, data, business, purposes, statement, websites, information

Reduced Policy:   California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)  In the last twelve months, Cisco may have collected, used, and shared, for business purposes, personal information about you as described in this Privacy Statement. Each category of data may be used by Cisco or shared with third parties also as described in this Privacy Statement. Residents of California have the right to request access to and deletion of the information Cisco holds about them. Such requests may be submitted by clickinghereor by mail to Cisco Systems, Inc., Privacy Legal Department, 170 West Tasman Dr., San Jose, CA 95134, USA. Cisco will not sell your personal information without your consent.  Cisco will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under CCPA. Specifically, we will not:  Deny access to our Solutions;Charge a different rate for the use of our Solutions; orProvide a different quality of service.  California Shine the Light  Residents of the State of California, under California Civil Code ยง 1798.83, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed personal information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that if the company has a privacy policy that gives either an opt-out or opt-in choice for use of your personal information by third parties (such as advertisers) for marketing purposes, the company may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options.  Cisco qualifies for the alternative option. We have a comprehensive privacy statement, and provide you with details on how you may either opt-out or opt-in to the use of your personal information by third parties for direct marketing purposes. Therefore, we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your personal information for marketing purposes during the preceding year.  If you are a California resident and request information about how to exercise your third-party disclosure choices or CCPA rights, please clickhere.    How to Contact Us  We value your opinions. Should you have questions or comments related to this Privacy Statement, please clickhere.  Updates to this Cisco Privacy Statement  We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. If we modify our Privacy Statement, we will post the revised version here, with an updated revision date. You agree to visit these pages periodically to be aware of and review any such revisions. If we make material changes to our Privacy Statement, we may also notify you by other means prior to the changes taking effect, such as by posting a notice on our websites or sending you a notification. By continuing to use our website after such revisions are in effect, you accept and agree to the revisions and to abide by them.  The Cisco Privacy Statement was revised and effective as of May 1, 2020.  Click here for theprevious version of the privacy statement.  How to Contact Us  Should you have questions or comments related to this Privacy Statement, please contact us by clickinghereor by sending mail to:  Chief Privacy OfficerCisco Systems, Inc.170 West Tasman Dr.San Jose, CA 95134 USA  Americas Privacy OfficerCisco Systems, Inc.170 West Tasman Dr.San Jose, CA 95134 USA  EMEAR Privacy OfficerCisco Systems, Inc.Haarlerbergweg 13-19,1101 CH Amsterdam-Zuidoost, Netherlands  APJC Privacy OfficerCisco Systems, Inc.80 Pasir Panjang RoadBldg 80, Lvl 25, Mapletree Biz CitySingapore, Singapore 117372, Singapore 