Title: LiveJasmin
URL: http://livejasmin.com/en/policy
Date of publishing: None
Keywords: content, livejasmin, service, website, credits, credit, subscribers, member, subscriber, livejasmincom, shall

Policy: 1 st Clause: LiveJasmin.com - Content

The terms of this agreement (the 'Agreement') shall govern the relationship between I/you (as Guest and/or Member) and Duodecad IT Services Luxembourg S.à r.l., a Luxembourg law governed private limited liability company with registered address at 44, Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number 171.358 (the “Website Operator”) regarding the use of services on LiveJasmin.com website. In this agreement 'LiveJasmin.com' refers either to the Website Operator or to the LiveJasmin.com website as operated by the Website Operator subject to the applicable context.

Credit Balance – At LiveJasmin.com, Members have the opportunity of obtaining Credits to pay for premium services, by purchasing packages. Payments are securely processed by our payment processors, and the purchased Credits consequently appear on the Member’s account as a balance.

LiveJasmin.com uses the two most popular industry-standard technologies on its pages for the sake of perfectly customized content and to grant the greatest comfort available. At LiveJasmin.com the subscriber is a King!

In all other categories you can request a nude erotic show during Private Chat in accordance with the Willingness setting of the chosen Model. As a general rule, models are not allowed to provide nudity or any sexually explicit content in Free Chat area.

In Soul Mate category and in all of its sub-categories, e.g. Dancer, Cosplay, etc., Models are not supposed to provide or imply any sexually explicit content, be it written, image or a live camera feed. They chat within the subject specified by their subcategory.

In Hot Flirt category, nudity or sexually provocative behavior is forbidden on free chat. In private chat however the Models are free to decide what kind of show they are willing to provide.

The Adult Service Providers (ASP) chat and carry out live webcam shows, in front of their camera, for subscribers all over the world, who have selected them according to live streams, images, offline (teaser) and paying videos.

LiveJasmin.com is an online adult interactive website (including nude and non-nude erotic and sexual content). Therefore, its access by minors is prohibited. The access to LiveJasmin.com is not recommended to persons who might be sensitive to adult entertainment content, any eventual access of LiveJasmin.com by such persons will be their sole responsibility.

2 nd Clause: LiveJasmin.com - Services and warranties

If an Adult Service Provider (ASP) is highlighted as an “Exclusive Model only available on LiveJasmin” it means the ASP has an exclusive service agreement directly or indirectly signed with the Website Operator. Therefore, you can find that ASP only on LiveJasmin.com and on websites where the content is provided by the Website Operator.

Upon an explicit approval from the customer (Via email, or online chat), the LiveJasmin.com Customer Service Team will initiate a remotely controlled session to access the customer’s computer in order to fix technical problems or to gain system information to find the origins of an error. By expressing their approval to a ‘remote control session’, the customer undertakes and agrees to waive any legal action he may have against LiveJasmin.com as well as its staff, in relation to the remotely controlled session.

Neither LiveJasmin.com nor any party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the service or content is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising from the access to, use of, or interpretation of, the services, products or information provided by or through LiveJasmin.com, without prejudice to the terms established below in the present Agreement.

LiveJasmin.com seeks, at all times, to provide each subscriber with the best content and services available. However, it cannot give warranty of merchantability, fitness for any purpose, or non-results of the use of the content in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness and reliability or otherwise.

LiveJasmin.com makes, to the extent permitted by law, no warranties or representations as to the information, services or products provided through or in connection with the service. Subscribers' and/or Guest's use of the service is at their own risk.

The publication of different content on the website does not mean that LiveJasmin.com supports the author or takes the responsibility for such content.

Prior to selecting the services intended, it is important to consult the content, price list and means of payment (credit and debit cards, online checks, etc.) established for such services for your country. This information is available on the website.

3 rd Clause: LiveJasmin.com - Principles

LiveJasmin.com reserves the right to apply immediate and permanent suspension in case a screen name is offensive, refers to minors or upon the slightest suspicion of forgery.

At LiveJasmin.com there is a zero tolerance policy related to child pornography (written or visual). In case of the slightest suspicion, the account in question is immediately and permanently closed and the appropriate authorities may be contacted.

Persons under the age of 18 (21 in some regions) are also not allowed to be Adult Service Providers (ASP). Consequently, all Adult Service Providers (ASP) were 18 years of age or older (21 in some regions) during the time of photography, as per proof of age held by the custodian of records. Under no circumstances does LiveJasmin.com present Adult Service Providers (ASP) as children.

LiveJasmin.com's services are only available for persons over the age of 18 (21 in some regions). Therefore, no sexually explicit material is within the easy reach of minors.

As a Platinum Sponsor Member of the Association of Sites Advocating Child Protection (ASACP) and member of the Restricted to Adults Association (RTA), as well as of the Internet Content Rating Association (ICRA), LiveJasmin.com is committed to the protection of underage individuals.

4 th Clause: LiveJasmin.com - Subscribers

The present agreement shall be effective as from the date when the Guest enters LiveJasmin.com and/or the Subscriber registers on LiveJasmin.com and accepts this agreement and shall remain in force until duly terminated by either party in full compliance with the terms and conditions expressly set forth in this Agreement.

In case of Subscriber's unlawful conduct or breach of the present Agreement, LiveJasmin.com may terminate, without notice, subscriber's account and/or anything associated with it. LiveJasmin.com shall not be held responsible for any possible loss as a result of such termination nor for any credit compensation or refund. LiveJasmin.com shall be entitled to suspend relevant Member(s)’ account(s) and Members from the use of the Website and/or terminate unilaterally Member(s)’ account(s) with immediate effect, if LiveJasmin.com believes that a Member does not or did not meet the requirement(s) stated in these Terms and Conditions. In case of termination of the present Agreement caused by a breach, unlawful misconduct or suspicion that a Member did not meet the requirement(s) stated in these Terms and Conditions, LiveJasmin.com shall be further entitled to discretionarily ban any related credit cards and/or payment means (without time limit) associated with such account(s) that it is/are to be terminated when circumstances do justify such measures.

By registering on LiveJasmin.com and by accepting this Agreement, subscribers agree to indemnify, pay the costs of defense and hold harmless LiveJasmin.com, its officers, directors, affiliates, attorneys, shareholders, managers, members, agents and employees from any and all claims, losses, liabilities or expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) brought by third parties arising out of or related to their conduct, statements or actions, as well as breach of any term, condition or promise contained herein and unlawful conduct in the framework of this agreement.

By registering on LiveJasmin.com and by accepting this Agreement, the Subscriber hereby expressly consents to the supply of services from this website during the withdrawal period and the Subscriber expressly acknowledges that he/she is expressly losing his/her right to any withdrawal/cancellation right as regards the supply of said services. The above express consent is acquired in accordance with the Directive on Consumer Rights (2011/83/EC) as of 25 October 2011, transposed in Luxembourg by the Law of 2 April 2014.

In order to subscribe at LiveJasmin.com it is mandatory to be at least 18 years old or 21 in some regions, in compliance with the local regulations applicable to the subscriber.

5 th Clause: LiveJasmin.com - Fees, Credit Compensation, Refund and Unlawful Conduct

5.1. The subscribers may purchase credit packages to spend in the available areas of Adult Entertainment; therefore the selection of services must be preceded of the consultation by the Subscriber of the correspondent content, price list and means of payment made available on the website.

5.2. Text chat with dressed Adult Service Providers (ASP) is free, but if a subscriber wants to access the full feature service (including undressed Adult Service Providers – ASP and private show) he/she must click on “A Private Show with this Performer” button and from that point on stays in the video chat room with the Adult Service Provider (ASP) entering into a private mode where the purchased credits are used on a per-second basis.

5.3. Subscribers may use the option Quickbuy during private shows with Adult Service Providers (ASP). The use of this feature will allow Subscribers’ to, immediately and manually, top-up their credit balance with the chosen package during the show.

5.4. Subscribers may also use the SmartBuy feature to enjoy private shows without interruption. The feature allows the system to automatically top-up a Subscriber’s credit balance whenever the account balance falls below 7 credits. By default the SmartBuy purchases a 27.99 package, however the member has the option to change the SmartBuy purchase amount.

5.5. Subscribers are notified about the referred auto-purchase each time it occurs, via an automatic email notification and can deactivate the feature under their Account Settings.

5.6. If a transaction is declined by the bank, the SmartBuy feature will be automatically deactivated. After the member makes a successful purchase, the Smartbuy feature will be activated again.

5.7. The use of any of the referred options will charge the default payment method set by the Subscribers.

5.8. Billing of a given account (the actual price payable for credit packages) depends on the physical location where the account has been created. Please take into consideration that LiveJasmin.com reserves the right to round prices and therefore, shall be entitled to apply rounding.

5.9. In case of any query Duodecad IT Services Luxembourg S.à.r.l. will be able to help you regarding your transactions made through different payment providers as well, by contacting the provider in question. Therefore, for billing information and support the following contacts should be used: 44, Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or send an email to help@dditservices.com . LiveJasmin.com does not store nor has access to transaction details.

5.10. For banking expenses information, each subscriber should consult directly his/her bank.

5.11. LiveJasmin.com will not take responsibility for any difficulty occurring outside LiveJasmin.com.

5.12. Any complaint must be placed, within 24 hours counted from the occurrence, at LiveJasmin.com - Customer Service. Given the complexity and particularities of the procedure to determine the righteousness of the complaints placed after the referred 24 hour period, these shall only be acknowledged in cases of force majeure.

5.13. LiveJasmin.com - Customer Service team may, whenever deemed necessary, carefully investigate reports and other data at its disposal, resorting to any existing means for such effect.

5.14. In accordance with the Subscriber’s express waiver of withdrawal/cancellation right pursuant to clause 4.2 to the present Agreement, no refund or cancellation request will be accepted in the case the Subscriber has begun to consume the credit package purchased. Some refunds are however possible subject to the conditions set forth in the following clauses.

5.15. LiveJasmin.com will only compensate/refund credits in the amount proportionally determined in accordance to the price paid and problem effectively reported when any credit is lost due to dysfunction of LiveJasmin.com or an Adult Service Provider (ASP) in the “Nude Only” part of the site totally and explicitly refuses to provide erotic content. In case some erotic content is provided, LiveJasmin.com will assess the situation and decide whether the claim of customer is grounded and any compensation/refund of credits is due. Models in Hot Flirt category are free to choose the rate of erotic content in private shows. However they are not allowed to make fake promises, which they will not fulfil in the end. Models of this category are not required to provide erotic content, but during private show they are allowed if they agree on it.



Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, every Subscriber shall be made aware that when he/she is considered as First Member (such term as defined below), it is recommended for him/her to indicate and/or repeat any specific request towards an Adult Service Provider (“ASP”) from the onset of the private chat in case the private show is not in line with his/her expectations, also allow enough time for the ASP to meet such request. Merits of Subscriber’s claims for refund based on unmet requests will not be considered if the Subscriber (as First Member, such term as defined below) fails to follow the above recommendation.



The subscriber(s) shall further understand and accept that when joining an already ongoing Private show initiated by another subscriber (the latter being referred to as the “First Member”), the subscriber(s) that is/are subsequently joining such performance (the “Subsequent Member(s)”) is/are deemed passive participant(s) to the extent that the service provider(s)/Model(s) is/are only required to follow First Member’s requests. As a result and in such cases, the Subsequent Member(s) shall not be entitled to any compensation or payment refund, exception made of LiveJasmin.com malfunction that can be properly demonstrated by the Subsequent Member(s).



Besides the Private Chat, the Subscribers may also contact the Adult Service Providers (“ASP”) via offline chat messages or, if the ASP is available, through a Video/Voice Call. Please note that Subscribers may not make specific requests to an ASP via a Video/Voice call.

5.16. Due to the payment system applied by Duodecad ITS and third-party payment processors and provided that cash refund conditions are met, cash refunds shall only apply for the same amount as that originally paid upon a certain credits package purchase provided that the related credits balance has not been used or spent, even partially. As a result, no partial cash refund of credit packages bought is ever possible. This therefore means that whenever a credits package balance is partially used (including credit rewards), a refund may only take place in the form of credits (and not cash) up to existing prior credits balance, subject to eligibility conditions. Eligible cash refunds, will be processed using the same payment method applied to the credits package originally purchased and for which the refund is requested. As a result of a cash refund, the corresponding amount of credits will then be deducted from your account's balance. You shall remain aware that certain payment methods do not allow any refund due to underlying technical restrictions pertaining to their use.

5.17. Amounts spent on related services, such as VIP show tickets, Buy My Content and/or Surprise, Sneak Peek and/or Snapshot feature, Messenger and/or offline/private messages, Video/Voice Calls, MyStory subscription, are not subject to refund/compensation. Snapshot(s) of a Performer shall remain visible as long as such Performer account is active and not closed on the website. Please note that all Free Peeks are deemed to expire 168 hours as from the date and time of the latest Free Peek receipt issued by the Website Operator.

5.18. Notwithstanding the above, LiveJasmin.com will not be liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any Guest/Subscriber, or for any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of or use of records, whether under contract or tort theory, or under any other cause of action, for any amount over and above the amount paid by the Subscriber to LiveJasmin.com.

5.19. Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall LiveJasmin.com or any of its related, affiliated companies be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use the service, without prejudice of the established in the present clause.

5.20. The website and all of its features must be used at all times in line with their purpose and intended use. Any dishonest behavior, action, maneuvers of any kind, inclusive of attempt(s), with special regard to the circumvention of applicable rules (whether written or implied) may lead to the immediate suspension or termination of the Member’s account. Please note that the Website Operator is entitled to act accordingly on the basis of conclusions drawn from circumstantial or factual information brought to its attention either through website monitoring or by any other means within the scope of legality. Please note particularly that the creation of several accounts by a same user to proceed to multiple votes and unfairly alter (or attempt to do so) the results of the Models AWARDS game fall into the above mentioned category and may result in the termination of each of your Member accounts with LiveJasmin.com. Cases of dishonest or fraudulent behaviors related to online transactions are deemed a high priority. Such cases may be outsourced to dedicated and reputable service providers, within the framework of the applicable data privacy regulation.

5.21. The subscriber accepts that in case of any fraudulent transaction LiveJasmin.com has a right to use all available information at its disposal during any kind of legal procedure. Including, without the claim of completeness, browser history, IP and email addresses and any other traceable activity. During such legal procedures LiveJasmin.com might involve other, professional investigator parties and share certain information in order to comply with law requirements, vindicate its rights and represent the best interests of its Customers. The Subscriber will stay liable for investigation or collection costs related to any fraudulent transaction.

5.22. LiveJasmin.com grants full cooperation to legal authorities investigating fraudulent transactions and other matters falling under legal jurisdiction and responds to subpoenas and court orders. For this reason subscribers may only use their own payment methods on our websites.

5.23. Please take into consideration that LiveJasmin.com reserves the right to round payments to be paid as a compensation / refund, and therefore, LiveJasmin.com shall be entitled to apply rounding.

5.24. Please note if being a new user is a condition for receiving any rewards then a new account registration on LiveJasmin.com is not considered to be a new user. Bonus/Free credits are only available for one time for new purchases of first time users on only one of the websites operated by DuoDecad IT Services Luxembourg S.a r.l. Credits or other rewards are not available with CCBill and phone purchases. Rewards are part of the purchased credit package, and therefore refunds are NOT possible after spending/using them on our website.

5.25. Please note that if a one-time promotion offer is advertised on any credit package, then such promotion shall apply only once per existing or new user where applicable, regardless of the number of registered accounts (existing and/or newly created) any such user may have and/or regardless of any other circumventing methods he/she may use. Otherwise, the purchase will be processed without the discount and the amount of credits obtained will be limited to the equivalent without the promotion. Please also note that neither discounted credits purchased, nor any credits from accounts which have promo credits can be transferred to any other user or Member account. Notwithstanding anything to the opposite hereof, it shall be underlined that promotion(s) and related promotional credits are not applicable/available to user(s) using any of the following payment method(s): Pay by Phone, Pay With Any Gift Card, Bitcoin/Litecoin, Altcoins and Paysafecard, or to those Members who choose or accept their payments to be processed by CCBill. Kindly note also that during any promotion(s) the credit packages that exceed 157.99 credits shall have the same benefits and/or extra credits (as the case may be) as the 157.99 credit package.

5.26. New subscribers may validate their credit card with a minor transaction for which they are entitled to 9.99 promotional credits. The amount of the validation transaction will be immediately refunded to the credit card holder. The aforementioned promotional credits are not available for those users who already have a membership on LiveJasmin.com or any other website operated by Duodecad IT Services Luxembourg S.à r.l.

5.27. All currency and transaction related costs are included in the displayed price of credit packages. LiveJasmin.com reserves the right to modify the prices incurred from the fluctuations of currency exchange rates.

5.28. Please note that the abusive exercise of the credit card and/or e-mail address validation may lead to the termination of this Agreement by the website operator with the user.

5.29. Pursuant to the rules of the Club Elite program as defined on a separate page in the Subscriber’s account, Subscribers receive Club Elite level points only after they spend credits. Credit spending subject to refund or chargeback shall not increase the Club Elite level points. There is a daily drop of Club Elite level points set for each rank differently. Such drop occurs every day, regardless of your activity on the website. Please note that the level points cannot be transferred or shared between Subscriber accounts, regardless of the two accounts belonging to the same person. With the closure of the Subscriber account, all Club Elite level points will be lost and cannot be recovered. Please contact the Customer Service Team if you do not wish to participate in the Club Elite program. By the sole acceptance of this Agreement the Subscribers acknowledge and agree that they have read and understood the rules and regulations of the Club Elite program.

5.30. Each Member participates in the Club Elite program by registering on LiveJasmin.com. In the scope of the Club Elite program, Members receive level points based on their credit spend in a given month. The more level points they have the better Club Elite rank they achieve, so a simple Member can become a Casanova (Rank VI. – see it here ). There is a multiplier rendered to each rank that helps the Members collect more Club Elite level points.

5.31. The Member will earn a higher rank if he/she collects the necessary amount of level points within a calendar month. This newly achieved rank will be kept until the end of the following calendar month. Only that portion of the level points that exceeds the threshold for the newly achieved rank will be carried forward to the next calendar month. All other level points will be reset and lost on the first day of the new calendar month. Please note that the level points drop each day regardless of your daily activity, and the volume of such drop is set for each rank differently.

5.32. Members can go to Settings to make adjustments at any time if they want to share their Club Elite ranks with other Members or with the Performers. Any Member can terminate his/her participation in the Club Elite program by sending such request to the Customer Service Team.

5.33. By paying for a video or an album on the Performer’s page such content will be visible for you for 90 days. Please note that even within that 90 days the Performer has the right to change the content anytime. If the Performer’s account is terminated for any reason his/her content will not be available anymore on LiveJasmin.com.

5.34. The Member who spends the most credits in aggregate on a Performer in free chat by Surprises as of last reset time will be awarded with the “King of the Room” title for 24 hours, unless another Member gives more Surprise credits in the same chatroom over the same time period. The “King of the Room” title does not entail other advantages or benefits and it is applicable to free chat only.
***************************************************************


